


<h3><a name="web_service" id="web_service">Web Service</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Set of functionality that is intended for programmatic access via web technologies.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="operation" id="operation">Operation</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Operation relates to units of functionality within the Web Service.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="service_base" id="service_base">Service Base</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
In the context of REST Web Services, the longest common shared <acronym title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</acronym>.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="service_endpoint" id="service_endpoint">Service Endpoint</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
<acronym title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</acronym> associated with a particular operation of a Web Service. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="rest" id="rest">REST</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
REST in the context of Web Services is a method of defining the service in a particular way using a type of distributed architecture based on resources.
</p>

</div>

<h5><a name="resource" id="resource">Resource</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In the context of REST. A primitive in the Web Architecture, and is used in the definition of its elements.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A resource is an abstraction of a specific piece of application state or functionality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An end-point of the <acronym title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</acronym>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For the purpose of Web Services, actions on Resources are analogous to Operations.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="soap" id="soap">SOAP</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
A protocol for exchanging <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym>-based messages over computer networks, normally using <acronym title="Hyper Text Transfer Protocol">HTTP</acronym>/HTTPS. <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> forms the foundation layer of the web services protocol stack providing a basic messaging framework upon which abstract layers can be built.
</p>

<p>
There are two main types of <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> Web Service encodings:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <acronym title="Remote Procedure Call">RPC</acronym> Encoded</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Document Literal</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="rpc_encoded" id="rpc_encoded">RPC Encoded</a></h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
A style of <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> Web Service; a particular way of constructing the content of <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym> messages, based on not having a schema (unlike in Document Literal, where they are).
</p>

</div>

<h5><a name="document_literal" id="document_literal">Document Literal</a></h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
A style of <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> Web Service; the structure of the content of the <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym> messages is defined by an <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym> schema.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="wsdl" id="wsdl">WSDL</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Web Services Description Language, a standard format for describing the interface of <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym>-based Web Services and a certain class of REST Web Services.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Web Service" [1-1706] -->
<h3><a name="annotation" id="annotation">Annotation</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Annotation is a <strong>specific</strong> piece of metadata associated with a <strong>specific</strong> aspect of the Web Service. Annotations may have a type and a context.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="semantic_annotation" id="semantic_annotation">Semantic Annotation</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Semantic Annotation is a <strong>specific</strong> piece of metadata associated with a <strong>specific</strong> aspect of the Web Service. These Annotations are terms from a specific ontology or a controlled vocabulary. They also must have a type and context.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="curation" id="curation">Curation</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The act of moderating metadata and annotations often resulting in assertions that either add or agree/dispute existing annotations.

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Annotation" [1707-] -->