


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_roadmap" id="the_biocatalogue_roadmap">The BioCatalogue Roadmap</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Please note that the time scales listed are estimated. New requirements and changes in the user community may affect the delivery dates and schedule. 
</p>

<p>
<br/>


</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Roadmap" [1-195] -->
<h2><a name="first_quarter_of_2009_jan_-_mar" id="first_quarter_of_2009_jan_-_mar">First quarter of 2009 (Jan - Mar)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Private pilot</em></strong> (private beta) - Basic <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services registration, discovery and annotation. Batch upload of soaplab services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better service discovery and filtering</strong> - Search result sorting and filtering (by providers and services types) and more faceted browsing features. At a glance counts of annotations on services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service annotation support</strong> - Simple tagging and functional description of services, operations, their inputs and outputs. Support for service operation inputs and outputs examples. Support for comments and discussion threads about services. Annotation provided by submitters, providers, expert curators and automated agents.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support</strong> - Ability to register, describe and search for REST services in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (I)</strong> - Import Feta annotation. Providers, experts and users&#039; service registration and annotation. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "First quarter of 2009 (Jan - Mar)" [196-1161] -->
<h2><a name="second_quarter_of_2009_apr_-_jun" id="second_quarter_of_2009_apr_-_jun">Second quarter of 2009 (Apr - Jun)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Public pilot</em></strong> (public beta) - First public release - see <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=public:pilot" class="wikilink1" title="public:pilot">The Pilot</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - availability</strong> - We will regularly monitor the service, by checking the host, endpoints, WSDL and so on.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - testing</strong> - Test scripts to test out service functionality can be provided by submitters and service providers. We then run these regularly to provide us with metrics on the availability/reliability. A traffic light system (red, green, amber) gives users an at-a-glance view on status.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Semantic annotation support</strong> - Ability to annotate service using ontologies (and possibly export semantically annotated services in different formats such as SAWSDL, SA-REST).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Enhanced search functionality</strong> - Similarity searches. Semantic search: search for services using terms from a defined ontology. Amazon-like search: people who searched for these also searched for those.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (I)</strong> - Basic RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (mainly read).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment</strong> - Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (II)</strong> - Merge with the EMBRACE registry. Scavenge services from SeekDa and ProgrammableWeb.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioMoby services support</strong> - Ability to register and search for BioMoby services.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Second quarter of 2009 (Apr - Jun)" [1162-2577] -->
<h2><a name="third_quarter_2009_jul_-_sep" id="third_quarter_2009_jul_-_sep">Third quarter 2009 (Jul - Sep)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Subscribe to a service</strong> - <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity on a service within BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Notifications and new feeds</strong> - <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds and email notifications to keep users informed of new and updated services in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced service discovery and filtering</strong> - Filtering by multiple tags, providers, service types, locations, and so on.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Third quarter 2009 (Jul - Sep)" [2578-3033] -->
<h2><a name="fourth_quarter_2009_oct_-_dec" id="fourth_quarter_2009_oct_-_dec">Fourth quarter 2009 (Oct - Dec)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (II)</strong> - More functional RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (read and write).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service usage metrics</strong> - Usage metrics collection and provider metrics submission. <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds and email notifications for these metrics.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>“Try it now” service functionality</strong> - Ability to test and play with a service within the BioCatalogue interface before using it.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with Taverna</strong> - Ability to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Fourth quarter 2009 (Oct - Dec)" [3034-3582] -->
<h2><a name="section" id="section">2010</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue</strong> - Ability to set up your own local BioCatalogue registry.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curation workbench/tools</strong> - New curation tools designed for expert curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2010" [3583-] -->