
<p>
Date: Tuesday 11th Nov 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong>  
Jiten, Franck, Constantinos
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> 
Thomas, Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [54-146] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole, Rodrigo, Hamish, Katy
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [147-199] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [200-226] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Next BioCatalogue F2F</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> support for SAWSDL/WSMO/SA-REST</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [227-433] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - incorporate commments from Sergejs (and others, if any).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits and Franck: add content to the Biocatalogue wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: mail the friends list with features for the pilot and when it will be available, along with a roadmap for after the pilot.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Ask Carole what is happening on the 27th November - is there a Biocatalogue meeting in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark W</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [434-958] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The urgency to release the pilot BioCatalogue was the main issue for discussion. The developers indicated that they were doing all they could to get the pilot released as soon as possible. Unfortunately, there were a few problems with the deployment which they were putting every effort into solving. The expectation was that the pilot will be release before the end of the week for internal use, and and beginning of next week to BioCatalogue friends.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [959-1440] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas :  link the public wiki from the main biocatalogue.org site</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric : read through wiki content and send comments to Frank/Jiten</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric and Thomas : join the meeting with Steve from Embrace on Wednesday, Nov 19th</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric, Jiten, Thomas : Release the internal pilot with release notes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jiten, Franck : Prioritize the roadmap items and add time estimates</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : email the list of possible dates for the project F2F so that people can indicate their availability</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
  Action Everyone : Read the SA-REST proposal and comment on how we can participate
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1441-2174] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
<a href="http://www.swat4ls.org/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.swat4ls.org/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.swat4ls.org/</a>
</p>

<p>
Syngenta 12 November - Franck to describe and possibly demo Biocatalogue. If the pilot is not ready, he will show screenshots
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2175-2422] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2423-2440] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 04 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-18" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-18">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 18 2008</a> 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2441-] -->