
<p>
Date: Tuesday 03rd Feb 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> 
Eric, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-173] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Rodrigo, Carole, Steve
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [174-224] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Review of January tasks</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Next steps following release to friends list</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Code releases(tags)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress of <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> (to clarify user requirements)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB - meeting date to be moved ???</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [225-591] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model). <strong>completed</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki. <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.<strong> completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services. <strong>will use tag instead…action completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : Put up a service classification draft on the wiki. <strong>cancel</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [592-1210] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
From now on we should announce on the friend list anytime we add new features or do update of the beta site. 
Also anything happening within the project should be announced on the friend list. 
</p>

<p>
we need to discuss with Rodrigo the test infrastructure setup at EBI. should we re-use EMBRACE infrastructures?
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1211-1540] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck: start an <acronym title="Frequently Asked Questions">FAQ</acronym> on the wiki
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1541-1598] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Meeting with Francois from INRA about service monitoring 12/02/09
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [1599-1697] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [1698-1891] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-27" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-27">Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 27 2009</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [1892-] -->