


<h3><a name="this_page_is_now_deprecated._please_do_not_update" id="this_page_is_now_deprecated._please_do_not_update">This page is now deprecated. Please do not update!</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Anyone can easily register Web Services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Instantly available to the community, developers and search engines</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service providers can advertise, describe and monitor their services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "This page is now deprecated. Please do not update!" [1-253] -->
<h1><a name="registering_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue" id="registering_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue">Registering Web Services in the BioCatalogue</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Any registered users (members) can submit any Web Service to the BioCatalogue.  
You do not have to be the provider of the service to submit it to the BioCatalogue. Click <a href="http://test.biocatalogue.org/signup" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://test.biocatalogue.org/signup"  rel="nofollow">here</a> to become a Member of the BioCatalogue. <br/>

</p>

<p>
Currently the BioCatalogue support <strong><acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym></strong>, <strong>REST</strong> and <strong>Soaplab</strong> services. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Registering Web Services in the BioCatalogue" [254-654] -->
<h2><a name="submitting_soap_service_to_the_biocatalogue" id="submitting_soap_service_to_the_biocatalogue">Submitting SOAP service to the BioCatalogue</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Given that most existing <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services have a WSDL document, registering a <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service entry into the BioCatalogue requires only the WSDL url. The BioCatalogue WSDL parser automatically structures the data from the WSDL file. To submit a <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service with a defined WSDL file:  
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Select &#039;<acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym>&#039; from the &#039;Register a Service&#039; page in the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Paste your WSDL url in the form and click preview </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide additional description to the service. This is optional but very useful. You may add these descriptions after you submit the service</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Click &#039;Submit&#039; to submit your service</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Once the service is successfully submitted you can add more annotation (descriptions, tags, example values) to the service and its operations, inputs or outputs. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Submitting SOAP service to the BioCatalogue" [655-1469] -->
<h2><a name="submitting_rest_service_to_the_biocatalogue" id="submitting_rest_service_to_the_biocatalogue">Submitting REST service to the BioCatalogue</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The BioCatalogue has a basic support for REST service. To submit a REST service all you need is the REST endpoint and the service name. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Select &#039;REST&#039; from the &#039;Register a Service&#039; page in the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Paste the endpoint <acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide a name for the service</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide additional description for the service. This is optional but very useful. You may add these descriptions after you submit the service</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Click &#039;Submit&#039; to submit your service </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Once the service is successfully submitted you can add more annotation (descriptions, tags, example values) to the service
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Submitting REST service to the BioCatalogue" [1470-2111] -->
<h2><a name="submitting_soaplab_service_to_the_biocatalogue" id="submitting_soaplab_service_to_the_biocatalogue">Submitting Soaplab service to the BioCatalogue</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soaplab" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soaplab"  rel="nofollow">Soaplab</a> service are command line application wrapped as Web Services. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> To submit a soaplab 1 service:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> From the soaplab server which may look like &lt;base <acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym>/axis/services&gt; look for &#039;AnalysisFactory&#039; and copy the corresponding WSDL</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Select &#039;Soaplab Server&#039; from the &#039;Register a Service&#039; page in the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Paste the WSDL <acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym> you have copied in the form and click preview</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Click &#039;Submit&#039; to submit your service</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> To submit a soaplab 2 service:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> From the soaplab server copy the WSDL ending with &lt;services/list?wsdl&gt;</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Select &#039;Soaplab Server&#039; from the &#039;Register a Service&#039; page in the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Paste the WSDL <acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym> you have copied in the form and click preview</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Click &#039;Submit&#039; to submit your service</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Note that it may take a little while for all services to be registered.<br/>

Once the service is successfully submitted you can add more annotation (descriptions, tags, example values) to the service and its operations, inputs or outputs. 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Submitting Soaplab service to the BioCatalogue" [2112-] -->