
<p>
Date: Tuesday 09th Dec 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<strong>This was a skype chat instead of a telcon</strong>
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Jits, Franck
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [101-167] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Thomas, Carole, Katy, Hamish, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [168-229] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Jits
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [230-257] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New requirements timeline and planning</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [258-438] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric, Jiten, Thomas : Release the internal pilot with release notes. <strong>Cancelled</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model). <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: add number of service in the catalogue to the index page. <strong>Done</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: add Franck to support list. <strong>Done</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: investigate &#039;home&#039; link on the public wiki. <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki. <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [439-953] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

<strong>Progress with the pilot</strong>
</p>

<p>
Jits: merged annotations work into trunk. This includes some UI work so now tags and descriptions can be added, and will be shown. Next thing is to have tags and descriptions for operations. Also, comments. Also working on annotations plugin documentation.
</p>

<p>
Eric: wrapping all of service submission into one transaction. Also, OpenSearch description doc implemented.
</p>

<p>
Franck: what about bulk submission of services? - we have that functionality in the codebase but needs to be enabled and tested properly first, if prioritised.
</p>

<p>
<strong>New requirements timeline and planning</strong>
</p>

<p>
<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:requirements_for_pilot_2" class="wikilink1" title="development:requirements_for_pilot_2">Revised requirements</a> list and <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:pilot_dev_planning" class="wikilink1" title="development:pilot_dev_planning">planning</a> document started last Friday (day after F2F meeting).
</p>

<p>
Jits: suggest we plan for rest of Dec and early Jan, for now. Then early Jan we do a planning activity to flesh out the rest.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki</strong>
</p>

<p>
Franck will update the roadmap and rest of wiki, but do we need to something about the website at this stage? Fine for now.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [954-2043] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: list the features of the current pilot (including annotations stuff), so that they can be used in a email announcing the private beta to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: possibly change the “Wiki” link on the main website and beta site to something more descriptive like “More info about the project”. Also add this to the “About us” page.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [2044-2667] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2668-2699] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2700-2717] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-25" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-25">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 25 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-12-16" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-12-16">Phone Conference Meeting on Dec 16 2008</a> 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2718-] -->