
<p>
Date: Monday 15 Nov 2010
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08444737630
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011

</p>

<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole, Frank, Jits, Mannie</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>EBI:</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric, Hamish</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [92-193] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [194-215] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Daily operations Report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue Users&#039; Survey</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Planning of next release</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DAS services in BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of all documentation</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [216-423] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Testing of the Mass Curation App </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [424-511] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [512-543] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [544-563] -->
<h3><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole to clarify Embrace requirement with Steve</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric to speak to Andy Jenkinson about DAS and report on feasibility</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Eric to delay release by a week in order to add an examples tab to service details</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Frank to speak to Rob about survey and send update to list</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits to bring <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> work to releasable state</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole to speak to BBSRC about yearly report</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [564-966] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Book chapter for BioCatalogue
</p>

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-11-08" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-11-08">Phone Conference Meeting on 8 Nov 2010</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [967-] -->