


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_rest_api_-_use_cases" id="the_biocatalogue_rest_api_-_use_cases">The BioCatalogue REST API - Use Cases</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Various use cases have been taken into account in order to build an <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> that provides a balance between utility and simplicity. 
</p>

<p>
This includes scenarios ranging from building simple scripts and mashups to integration with scientific workflow workbenches (like <a href="http://www.taverna.org.uk/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.taverna.org.uk/"  rel="nofollow">Taverna</a>) and other repositories/registries.
</p>

<p>
Three projects have helped drive the main use cases and requirements so far:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An alpha version BioCatalogue plugin for Taverna has been released. See the <a href="http://www.taverna.org.uk/documentation/taverna-plugins/taverna-2-x-plugins/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.taverna.org.uk/documentation/taverna-plugins/taverna-2-x-plugins/"  rel="nofollow">Taverna plugins page</a> for more info. This integrates data and functionality from BioCatalogue in order to aid in the workflow design and execution process.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The <a href="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal/#S1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal/#S1"  rel="nofollow">ONIX Portal</a> developed by the NCRI.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Integration into the <a href="http://www.myexperiment.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.myexperiment.org"  rel="nofollow">myExperiment</a> workflows repository environment.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Following is a list of various use cases and requirements considered:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search the registry for services and other things, using simple keyword queries.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Filter the services from the registry based on some criteria.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get all the important data about a service (service details, operations along with inputs/outputs and data formats, most important annotations, such as tags, descriptions, etc).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get a summarised view of a service (that includes general information about the service) that allows easy harvesting of content from the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get current monitoring status of a service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get monitoring history of a service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Build a tag cloud of the most popular tags.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Find information about a specific <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> operation that is used in a workflow. Such as example data, data formats, descriptions, etc.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search the registry by tags (regular free text tags / those coming from an ontology).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search for a service by its WSDL location.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get all available annotations about a service.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
