


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_roadmap" id="the_biocatalogue_roadmap">The BioCatalogue Roadmap</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Please note that the time scales listed are estimated. New requirements and changes in the user community may affect the delivery dates and schedule. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Roadmap" [1-193] -->
<h2><a name="fourth_quarter_of_2008" id="fourth_quarter_of_2008">Fourth quarter of 2008</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Private beta</em></strong> - see <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:pilot" class="wikilink1" title="public:pilot">The Pilot</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Fourth quarter of 2008" [194-289] -->
<h2><a name="first_quarter_of_2009" id="first_quarter_of_2009">First quarter of 2009</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Public beta</em></strong> - see <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:pilot" class="wikilink1" title="public:pilot">The Pilot</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced search</strong> - faceted browsing, filtering and advanced search for services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs</strong> - simple RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support</strong> - ability to register, search and annotate REST services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Semantic annotation support</strong> - ability to annotate service using ontologies.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "First quarter of 2009" [290-702] -->
<h2><a name="second_quarter_of_2009" id="second_quarter_of_2009">Second quarter of 2009</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better support for BioMoby services</strong> - including semantic annotations from the BioMody registry.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Enhanced search functionality</strong> - similarity search and semantic search.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Workflow monitor</strong> - monitor services to check whether they are up or down. <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds and email notification for monitoring information.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Subscribe to a service</strong> - <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity available on a service.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Second quarter of 2009" [703-1195] -->
<h2><a name="third_quarter_2009" id="third_quarter_2009">Third quarter 2009</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service usage metrics</strong> - usage metrics collection and provider metrics submission. <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds and email notifications for these metrics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service test functionality</strong> - ability to test a service within the BioCatalogue interface before using it.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Third quarter 2009" [1196-1491] -->
<h2><a name="section2010" id="section2010">2010</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Set up your own local BioCatalogue registry.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2010" [1492-] -->