


<h1><a name="the_revised_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2010" id="the_revised_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2010">The Revised BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2010</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Please note that the time scales listed are estimated. New requirements and changes driven by the user community may affect features, delivery dates and schedule.
You can access the BioCatalogue 2009 roadmap here: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public_staging:roadmap2009" class="wikilink1" title="public_staging:roadmap2009">2009 roadmap</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The Revised BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2010" [1-317] -->
<h2><a name="first_quarter_of_2010_jan_-_mar" id="first_quarter_of_2010_jan_-_mar">First quarter of 2010 (Jan - Mar)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (I)</strong> - Basic RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (mainly read).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Final merge of the EMBRACE registry</strong>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - testing</strong> - Test scripts to test out service functionality can be provided by submitters and service providers. We will then run these regularly to provide us with metrics on the availability/reliability. A traffic light system (red, green, amber) gives users an at-a-glance view on status.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support (II)</strong> - Better support for REST services, with the ability to describe and annotate the exact Resources, Methods, Parameters and Representations of REST services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service changes monitoring</strong> - Monitoring changes in the WSDLs of services and updating the BioCatalogue records and providing a log of changes.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>UI improvements</strong> - A revamped operations/inputs/outputs browser.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment (I)</strong> - Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. Also, workflows in myExperiment will have links to the relevant services, with metadata and monitoring status pulled from BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Richer user profiles</strong> - Ability to harvest your profile information from myExperiment.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content curation</strong> - Improvement of the quality of the content of the catalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Outreach</strong> - </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "First quarter of 2010 (Jan - Mar)" [318-1706] -->
<h2><a name="second_quarter_of_2010_apr_-_jun" id="second_quarter_of_2010_apr_-_jun">Second quarter of 2010 (Apr - Jun)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better service filtering and ranking</strong> - Ability to filter or rank service based on annotations, quality, curators etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service ownership</strong> - Better management of who the provides a service and which people are maintainers / points of contacts.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (II)</strong> - More functional RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (read and write).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content curation</strong> - Content quality improvement</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Annotation status bar</strong> - A status bar to display the overall annotation status of a service. The bar will take into account the description of the service, the description of its operations, inputs/outputs, example values etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue</strong> - Ability to set up your own local BioCatalogue registry.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Second quarter of 2010 (Apr - Jun)" [1707-2478] -->
<h2><a name="third_quarter_2010_jul_-_sep" id="third_quarter_2010_jul_-_sep">Third quarter 2010 (Jul - Sep)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced search functionality (II)</strong> - Similarity searches. Semantic search: search for services using terms from a defined ontology. Amazon-like search: people who searched for these also searched for those.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment (II)</strong> - linking to (or displaying parts of) workflows from myExperiment that contain a service/operation in the BioCatalogue. Also, mining service connections from workflows in myExperiment.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service mirrors</strong> - Support for having mirrors (i.e.: many deployments of a service).  </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Annotation Jamboree! (II)</strong> - ISMB &#039;10 or EBI Cambridge</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curation workbench/tools</strong> - New curation tools designed for expert curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better annotation and curation features (II)</strong> - Curation reports, Curation assertions and more improvements for expert/community curators as well as casual annotators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with Taverna</strong> - Ability to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Third quarter 2010 (Jul - Sep)" [2479-3507] -->
<h2><a name="fourth_quarter_2010_oct_-_dec" id="fourth_quarter_2010_oct_-_dec">Fourth quarter 2010 (Oct - Dec)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>“Try it now” service functionality</strong> - Ability to test and play with a service within the BioCatalogue interface before using it.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Semantic annotation support</strong> - Ability to annotate service using ontologies and controlled vocabularies (possibly import/export semantically annotated services in different formats such as SAWSDL, SA-REST).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Notifications and news feeds per service</strong> - <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity on a service within the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better service availability reports</strong> - Including filtering by service availability and “at-a-glance” summary reports for curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curator stamp</strong> - Members who contribute a lot to the curation of services in the BioCatalogue will have a curator badge display next to their name. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content curation</strong> - Content quality improvement</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service versions</strong> - Support for different versions of a service (i.e.: <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> and REST versions of a single service).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Functional Units of Services</strong>- Ability to present services in terms of their biological functions, biological data types and biological resources.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (III)</strong> -  Better support for BioMoby and SADI services. Scavenge services from ProgrammableWeb and SeekDa.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Fourth quarter 2010 (Oct - Dec)" [3508-] -->