


<h2><a name="th_november_2009" id="th_november_2009">5th November 2009</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Previous release revision:</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> This release revision: 1266</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "5th November 2009" [1-95] -->
<h3><a name="steps_to_take_for_update" id="steps_to_take_for_update">Steps To Take for Update</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

In order…

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run database update tasks:</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake db:sessions:clear RAILS_ENV=production
rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=production</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart memcached server(s)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run latest update scripts: </div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">ruby script/biocatalogue/update_activity_logs_aug09.rb
ruby script/biocatalogue/update_providers_sep09.rb
ruby script/biocatalogue/update_soaplab_sep09.rb -e production</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update config/initializers/biocat_local.rb with new settings</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Including new RPX settings</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Make sure the Solr schema.xml file is updated</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart Solr service(s)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Reindex the search engine:</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake solr:reindex RAILS_ENV=production --trace</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart the worker(s). For each, do: </div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">ruby script/worker stop
ruby script/worker start</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Delete public/stats.html</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update the search query suggestions list:</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake biocatalogue:submit:update_search_query_suggestions RAILS_ENV=production</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rebuild assets</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake asset:packager:build_all</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart application instance(s)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Steps To Take for Update" [96-1113] -->
<h3><a name="release_notes" id="release_notes">Release Notes</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

Email sent to the friends list on 6th Nov 09:

</p>
<pre class="code">Hi all,

After our successful public beta launch at ISMB 09 we&#039;ve been working hard on improving the BioCatalogue. We&#039;ve recently updated the BioCatalogue live site (http://www.biocatalogue.org) with the following:

- Improved WSDL parsing with the ability to parse and store information on complex types of SOAP inputs and outputs (including complex types defined in external schema files).
- New user interface for viewing the information on complex types of SOAP inputs and outputs.
- Significant performance improvements to search, the service index and filtering.
- New user interface for quickly adding annotations (when signed in).
- Support for OpenID, Google, Yahoo, Twitter and Facebook accounts. At the moment you can only link one of these external accounts with your BioCatalogue account (or open a new BioCatalogue account with one of these accounts).
- Simple/detailed service listings views for the search results and service index.
- More help text and guidance for Soaplab services.
- Better user interface for viewing example data annotations.
- Better user interface for filtering by service categories.
- Revamped user sign in, sign up and edit profile pages.
- Many more user interface tweaks and bug fixes.
- More work on our underlying infrastructure and systems.

Please note that we have also updated our Terms of Use (http://www.biocatalogue.org/termsofuse) in which we:
- Make a clear distinction between Members and Users of the BioCatalogue.
- Clarify the definitions of the key terms used.
- Clarify our policies regarding content and the BioCatalogue website and services.
- Clarify our data preservation policy.
- Outline our take down / withdrawal policy.

To find out what we will be working on for the rest of the year and next year please see: &lt;http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:roadmap#fourth_quarter_2009_oct_-_dec&gt;

We also have a pre-alpha REST API to access the content of the BioCatalogue that we are testing at the moment. If you are interested in getting involved with this, please contact Jiten Bhagat &lt;jits@cs.man.ac.uk&gt;. We are hoping to release the initial version of the API before the end of the year.

As always, we value your feedback, ideas and discussion, so please feel free to get in touch with us with your thoughts.

Regards,
The BioCatalogue Team</pre>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Release Notes" [1114-] -->