
<p>
Date: Monday 07th June 2010
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08444737630
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits, Mannie 
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Hamish 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-182] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [183-205] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telecom</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress report </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Review of Monitoring </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Review of Curation</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service update checker     </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Publicity/outreach</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> EMBRACE service provider workshop - feedback from Hamish </div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Franck presenting the Function Unit paper at IEEE</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Jits- BioCatalogue demo at ISMB 2010</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [206-718] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric to write down his latest idea about monitoring <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Mannie: Write <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> and Mass curation tool via spreadsheets <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [719-913] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [914-946] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [947-964] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of Monitoring: </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
-How best can we monitor web service enpoints? The current approach assumes that a service endpoint is fine if it returns a &#039;xml&#039; or &#039;html&#039; page when it&#039;s pinged.  That doesn&#039;t seem to be the case for some services.(e.g. DDBJ). We probably need to tune the monitoring test according to the service. <br/>

-During the Embrace workshop 2 different ways of monitoring came across: in the first instance, monitor services with a redirect wsdl location, in this case the agreement is that we should automatically pick the new location; in the second instance, when a wsdl changes(e.g functional changes) but the previous version is still working the agreement is that we should keep both copies but point to the latest. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of curation: </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
-Franck is clearing up the registry and archiving deprecated services. <br/>

-Jits has started to work on the curation dashboard. Currently curators can identify which operation within a service are similar based on their name. Annotation can be copied across from operation to operation. <br/>


</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report from the Embrace service provider meeting: </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
-The general feedback is that the BioCatalogue is a good product and very useful too. <br/>

-Need to support semantic annotation using EDAM for example; Jon is writing down how this can be achieved.<br/>
 
-Need to support SAWSDL and BioSXD. There is growing number of services providers supporting BioXSD <br/>

-Find better rating of the service. A metric for service provider to see how their service is being used. <br/>

-Possibility to view more services per page (at the moment too much scrolling when using a laptop. <br/>

-Reduce white space<br/>

-Atom feed with category for service providers
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [965-2679] -->
<h3><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 
Eric to send around a mail about endpoint monitoring 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [2680-2758] --><div class="level1">

<p>
Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-05-17" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-05-17">Phone Conference Meeting on May 17 2010</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-06-14" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-06-14">Phone Conference Meeting on June 14 2010</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "" [2759-] -->