


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Time : 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-63] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Hamish, Rodrigo, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [64-149] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole, Jiten, Katy (away at ISMB )
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [150-211] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

 Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [212-240] -->
<h2><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Items from previous meeting </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the interim service to serve EMBRACE etc</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the questionnaire</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the flyer</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the mock-ups</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on the metadata model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> review of the timetable (I sent round)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> next two face to face meetings (Carole can only do 28-30 July)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [241-617] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole - To speak to Steve Petefer about the pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole/Rodrigo - Schedule an advisery meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo - To send dates EBI team is available for a Face 2 face meeting </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck - prepare a questionnaire for ISMB </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Khalid - To send more info about &#039;QASAR&#039; on the mailing list.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [618-958] -->
<h2><a name="round-table" id="round-table">Round-table</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Round-table" [959-983] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ISMB</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI-Manchester face-2-face</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [984-1057] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Given that it was only Franck participating from Manchester, there was agreement to discuss only ISMB related issues
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1058-1195] -->
<h3><a name="agenda_items" id="agenda_items">Agenda Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Alan and Franck are preparing a BioCatalogue specific flyer for the ISMB meeting. Rodrigo wanted to know if it was possible to have a preview of the flyer before the ISMB. Franck agreed to post the flyer to the mailing list. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas presented mock-ups for some BioCatalogue interfaces(search, browse, register service, register user ).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There has been no feedback yet from Carole on the expanded website content. It is not clear to Thomas if he should go ahead and put the content he has at the moment on the website. Another reminder to be sent to Carole/Katy to comment on the content</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> No functional material will be shown at ISMB, not even to specific communities like EMBRACE. EMBRACE will do a pre-BioCatalogue as the project requirements warrant them to do something now. They are expecting to adopt the BioCatalogue afterwards( by end of 2008). Several other projects are known to have catalogue related requirements. But there is a discussion to be had as to whether the BioCatalogue will/should cover the scope of all of those projects.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck and Eric to agree on a database model, based on the annotation model, with the aim to help the development start as soon as possible. Feedback from ISMB should be used to prioritize development activities</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI to suggest dates for the face-2-face meeting at EBI. It would be necessary to have &#039;developer specific&#039; face-2-face meetings as well. This is to be further discussed with the whole team after ISMB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda Items" [1196-2708] -->
<h3><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action EBI</strong> : Suggest dates for the face-2-face meeting at EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action Franck</strong> : Send flyer and questionnaire to the mailing list before EBI team flies to ISMB on Friday</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action Eric/Franck</strong> : Agree on database model for the pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action Thomas</strong> : Create individual wiki accounts for the Manchester team</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [2709-3067] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_minutes" id="previous_next_minutes">Previous/Next Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-08" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-08">Phone Conference Meeting on Jul 08 2008</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-22" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-22">Phone Conference Meeting on Jul 22 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Minutes" [3068-] -->