


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Friday 19th September 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-96] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Jits, Franck 
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Hamish, Rodrigo, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [97-189] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Katy, Carole 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [190-229] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Franck 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [230-260] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Items from previous meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Developement of the pilot </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion: Beanshell repository in BioCatalogue </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [261-412] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits : Add welcome message to the BioCatalogue friends list which is email upon subscription - <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas : Add the questionnaire to the website <strong>Ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI/Manchester : Update the wiki with the expectations for F2F at EBI - <strong>Compeleted</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI/Manchester : Use the wiki and mailing list to agree on the MUSTS for the BioCat requirements - <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [413-841] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [842-866] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: setup a developper design meeting. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everyone: read EBI privacy policy </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas: discuss UI coordiantion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric/Jits: Agree on a date for Eric&#039;s visit in Manchester</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [867-1148] -->
<h2><a name="pilot_biocatalogue" id="pilot_biocatalogue">Pilot BioCatalogue</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Eric working on getting <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service into the database. He produced something he got Franck to test.
He is having problems finding a WSDL parser through <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym>. 
</p>

<p>
Thomas has completed the registration piece using RESTful stuff. 
</p>

<p>
Jits will start working on connecting the work done by Eric from Monday. 
</p>

<p>
Eric is responsible for the DB migrate script/change. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion: Beanshell repository in BioCatalogue: BioCatologue is a registry not a repository so we can not think of Beanshell repostory. However provided that myExperiment has a beanshell repository, BioCatalogue should be able to point to it.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Pilot BioCatalogue" [1149-1790] -->
<h2><a name="next_meeting" id="next_meeting">Next Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Next Meeting" [1791-1816] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Rodrigo is going to the ECCB meeting in Italy. Will try to prevent the EMBRACE team to promote “yet!” another catalogue. That is, he will make sure they mention that BioCatalogue will take over the newly created EMBRACE registry. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [1817-2080] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2081-2097] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-08-08" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-08-08">Phone Conference Meeting on Aug 08 2008</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2098-] -->