
<p>
Date: Monday 08th June 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011

</p>

<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong>  Jits, Franck, Steve
</p>

<p>

<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [95-173] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole, Rodrigo, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [174-222] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [223-245] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Embrace content acquisition </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the beta</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> progress on service monitoring</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [246-560] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck and Jits to figure out how to use the annotations already existing to generate more useful search terms…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric report on the detailed results of load and throughput testings including peak and average cases…Eric did the test on the BioCatalogue test site…<strong>completed</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits and Franck and Steve: Import content of the Embrace registry…<strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck - draft the demo…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

 * progress on service monitoring
The monitoring piece is ready to be deployed on the beta site. Eric to create a simple list to record the history of monitored services. 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [561-1204] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1205-1227] -->
<h3><a name="actions_from_the_last_telcon" id="actions_from_the_last_telcon">Actions from the last telcon</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck and Jits working on service categorization. Franck has produced a number of terms to use for that. Franck has updated the myGrid domain ontology. The new ontology will be used to generate pseudo synonyms which can then be used by the search engine (solar) to discover related services. Jits is looking into the last point. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric did a load testing on the test site. The result shows that the catalogue can not handle over 4 requests per second. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from the last telcon" [1228-1728] -->
<h3><a name="new_release" id="new_release">new release</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New update scheduled for Wednesday. We&#039;ll first do an update on the test site on Tuesday. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits has updated the code base to Ruby on Rails 2.3</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "new release" [1729-1906] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: to ask Ebi system administrator to install &#039;MEM&#039; cache on the beta site.  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Look at Embrace service category. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: to send instruction on how to use Money cache efficiently </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [1907-2135] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

ISMB 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2136-2175] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2176-2193] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-06-03" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-06-03">Phone Conference Meeting on June 03 2009</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2194-] -->