
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="st_december_2009">1st December 2009</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Previous release revision: 1300</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> This release revision: 1350</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "1st December 2009" [1-100] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="steps_to_take_for_update">Steps To Take for Update</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In order…
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run database update tasks:</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=production</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart the worker(s). For each, do: </div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">ruby script/worker stop
ruby script/worker start</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run the &#039;search by data script&#039;</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">ruby script/biocatalogue/import_annotations_io_examples_nov09.rb</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Set up a cron job to update annotation properties</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake biocatalogue:submit:update_annotation_properties_full RAILS_ENV=production</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rebuild assets</div>
</li>
</ul>
<pre class="code">rake asset:packager:build_all</pre>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Restart application instance(s)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Steps To Take for Update" [101-651] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="release_notes">Release Notes</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Email for the friends&#039; list:
</p>

<p>
By George:
</p>
<pre class="code">Hi all

We have just released a brand new &quot;Search by data&quot; feature. It allows
you to query for services that might analyze or process a given real
data. For example, given a Fasta file, it returns a list of services
that possibly consume sequences in Fasta format.

To access the feature go to:
www.biocatalogue.org/search/by_data
or click on a drop-down button just on the right site of &quot;Providers&quot; link.

We would appreciate any suggestions or comments which will help us to
improve this feature.
Note that &quot;Search by data&quot; depends on example inputs and outputs for
service operations in BioCatalogue.
If you add a new service or annotate one, please add example inputs and
outputs to improve the visibility of the service.

Note also that we are logging your queries, which enables us to monitor
and improve the quality on results. We hope to use this data to develop
automatic tools for service annotation in the future. Meanwhile, we
suggest you not to use secure or confidential data while searching for
services.

Regards,

The BioCatalogue Team </pre>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Release Notes" [652-] -->