


<h1><a name="biocatalogue_focus_group_meeting_nov_27_2009" id="biocatalogue_focus_group_meeting_nov_27_2009">BioCatalogue focus group meeting Nov 27 2009</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "BioCatalogue focus group meeting Nov 27 2009" [1-60] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Ben, Olivier, Chrysanthi, Franck
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [61-116] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Duncan, Marco
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [117-154] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [155-176] -->
<h3><a name="introduction" id="introduction">Introduction</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 
BioCatalogue is a <strong>curated</strong> registry of Life science services <br/>

Some challenges: <br/>
 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> loads of web services using different technology (<acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym>, REST)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> different standard available </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> get users and provider to annotate web services</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 
The role of the Focus Group is to discuss the issues and propose some solutions. In addition the Focus Group provides feedback on the BioCatalogue products. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Introduction" [177-602] -->
<h3><a name="discussion" id="discussion">Discussion</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 
<strong>1-Web service annotation in Life Science</strong> <br/>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use of controlled vocabulary</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service categorization </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tag on service/operations/ inputs/outputs</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation quality matrix</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>2-Community/provider involvements - How To</strong> <br/>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Find different ways to add annotation to web service e.g through <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to import annotation from application using webs services such as Taverna, myExperiment etc.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service providers or users should gain something in return. For example report the result of service testing to the provider.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>3-What do you expect from the BioCatalogue?</strong> <br/>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> to ease the deployment of services; possibility to do everything through the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> (service and annotation submission, service testing and monitoring etc…).  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Integration with other tools consuming web service such as Taverna, myExperiment etc…</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Link between inputs and outputs of services </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Monitor submitter contact details. With time, some of them will be out of date. For example when a service submitter leaves his project.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Define policy for service which have been offline for a long period of time </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue is serving 2 different communities; it should be clear from the site</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Community 1 knows what web services are and wants to use them </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Community 2 wants to know more about web services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to rank search result based on service availability test.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to test web service from the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Make it easy for user of the BioCatalogue to contact service provider</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How do you know that the service is well annotated? Need a kind of BioCatalogue approved annotation stamp.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discussion" [603-2289] -->
<h3><a name="action" id="action">Action</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Franck to create a mailing list for the focus group 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action" [2290-2360] -->
<h3><a name="event" id="event">Event</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
BioCatalogue annotation jamboree in Manchester Nov 27 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Event" [2361-] -->