
<p>
Date: Tuesday 18th Nov 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong>  Franck, Jits 
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [54-124] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole, Rodrigo, Eric, Hamish
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [125-177] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [178-206] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Meeting in Edinburgh - to clarify </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Next BioCatalogue F2F</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [207-418] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - incorporate commments from Sergejs (and others, if any). <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Ask Carole what is happening on the 27th November - is there a Biocatalogue meeting in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark W <strong>Completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas :  link the public wiki from the main biocatalogue.org site <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric : read through wiki content and send comments to Frank/Jiten <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric and Thomas : join the meeting with Steve from Embrace on Wednesday, Nov 19th  <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric, Jiten, Thomas : Release the internal pilot with release notes <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jiten, Franck : Prioritize the roadmap items and add time estimates<strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : email the list of possible dates for the project F2F so that people can indicate their availability: <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model)<strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Everyone : Read the SA-REST proposal and comment on how we can participate <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [419-1600] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot:</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Beta version of the pilot released for testing. Only for <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service submission

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Next BioCatalogue F2F</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
   04/12/08 at EBI

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Meeting in Edinburgh </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
27/11/08 at NeSC
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1601-1825] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: add number of service in the catalogue to the index page</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: add Franck to support list </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: investigate &#039;home&#039; link on the public wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1826-2075] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
<a href="http://www.swat4ls.org/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.swat4ls.org/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.swat4ls.org/</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2076-2196] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2197-2214] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-11" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-11">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 11 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-25" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-25">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 25 2008</a> 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2215-] -->