


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_core_team" id="the_biocatalogue_core_team">The BioCatalogue Core Team</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Carole Goble</strong>: Project lead, Manchester.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Rodrigo Lopez</strong>: Project lead, EBI. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hamish McWilliam</strong>: Service manager, EBI. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Thomas Laurent</strong>: Software engineer, EBI.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Eric Nzuobontane</strong>: Software engineer, EBI.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Jiten Bhagat</strong>: Software engineer, Manchester.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Franck Tanoh</strong>: Bioinformatician and curator, Manchester.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Katy Wolstencroft</strong>: Bioinformatician, Manchester.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Core Team" [1-457] -->
<h2><a name="our_advisory_board" id="our_advisory_board">Our Advisory Board</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

The BioCatalogue Strategic advisory board members are: 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Chris Rawlings</strong>, Rothamsted Research, UK, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Anil Wipat</strong>, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Jo Dicks</strong>, John Innes Centre, UK, Computational and Systems Biology.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Robert Gill</strong>, Pronota nv, Belgium, Director of Bio-IT, previously at GSK.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Steve Kemp</strong>, University of Liverpool, UK, Biology.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Mark Wilkinson</strong>, U British Columbia, Canada, Bioinformatics, BioMOBY services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Prof dr Antoine H.C. van Kampen</strong>, Netherlands Bioinformatics Centre, Scientific Director, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Holger Lausen</strong>, SeekDa OG, Austria, Web Service Search company, CTO and Co-Founder of web service discovery and matchmaking company. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Terry Payne</strong>, University of Liverpool, UK, Computer Science, specialising in Semantic Web Services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Steve Pettifer</strong>, School of Computer Science, University of Manchester, UK</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Our Advisory Board" [458-] -->