


<h1><a name="feature_list_for_the_pilot" id="feature_list_for_the_pilot">Feature List for the Pilot</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>

<h5><a name="user_registration_and_management" id="user_registration_and_management">User Registration and Management</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User registration and user profiles (for both regular users and service providers).</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="service_registration_and_management" id="service_registration_and_management">Service Registration and Management</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Single submission of a <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service (registered users only).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Batch submission of many <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services (registered users only).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Submission of all services from a SOAPLab server (registered users only).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Duplicate checking of <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services, during submission.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to preview basic information about a service before submission</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Automatic version detection and handling of versioning for <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services (based on changes in the WSDL).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Handling of multiple service deployments of the same service (tied into versioning).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> View all information about a service in one place, including the different operations, inputs, outputs and all information about these.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="search" id="search">Search</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search for services matching some free text.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Browse latest services submitted and last updated services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Filtering (by category, by provider, by technology)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="annotation" id="annotation">Annotation</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to tag a service with specific keywords (tagging).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to add any information to a service or its parts (as annotations) which then become searchable.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="notification" id="notification">Notification</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym> feeds for the latest services submitted and the last updated services.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5><a name="integration_with_myexperiment" id="integration_with_myexperiment">Integration with myExperiment</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. This includes a “Latest Services” and “Updated Services” list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services within workflows in myExperiment reference the appropriate services in BioCatalogue so users can click through to the information in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
