


<h2><a name="why_the_biocatalogue" id="why_the_biocatalogue">1. Why the BioCatalogue?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

While biologists and Bioinformaticians find the use of web services critical for their work, they also encounter a number of difficulties associated with the current state of many services and the access to these services. These problems include:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> lack of a centralised resources that comprehensively catalogues life science web services thereby making these web services hard to find</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> the poor documentation or the lack of documentation for many existing web services thereby making them hard to use</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> lack of effort to improve the quality and coverage of the documentation of these services which means that the documentation if it exist is often out of sync with the current state of the service</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> lack of information on the quality of services like their availability and reliability</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The BioCatalogue is aiming to solve the above-mentioned issues by providing a curated and comprehensive catalogue of biological web services.
BioCatalogue will provide a quality of service standard for biological web services thereby enabling services to be classified and checked for availability, reliability and other quality measures. It also aims to provide a platform with several (standardized) interfaces and a suite of tools for registration of services by the community of users as well as empower the community to extend and enhance the system.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1. Why the BioCatalogue?" [1-1394] -->
<h2><a name="is_the_biocatalogue_free" id="is_the_biocatalogue_free">2. Is the BioCatalogue free?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Yes. The BioCatalogue is an open source project. You can submit, annotate and search for services in BioCatalogue for free. Please read our <a href="http://beta.biocatalogue.org/termsofuse" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://beta.biocatalogue.org/termsofuse"  rel="nofollow">terms of use</a> for information and guidance. The BioCatalogue source code is also free under the BSD License.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2. Is the BioCatalogue free?" [1395-1730] -->
<h2><a name="are_the_apis_available" id="are_the_apis_available">3. Are the APIs available?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Yes, find them <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:api" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:api"  rel="nofollow">here</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "3. Are the APIs available?" [1731-1851] -->
<h2><a name="what_are_you_working_on_at_the_moment" id="what_are_you_working_on_at_the_moment">4. What are you working on at the moment?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

The BioCatalogue team is working on service monitoring, the BioCatalogue <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym>, service curation improvement, final merge of the EMBRACE registry. Have a look a our <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:roadmap" class="wikilink1" title="public:roadmap">roadmap</a> to see what we&#039;ll be working on in the coming months.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "4. What are you working on at the moment?" [1852-2152] -->
<h2><a name="how_do_i_cite_the_biocatalogue" id="how_do_i_cite_the_biocatalogue">5. How do I cite the BioCatalogue?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Bhagat, J., Tanoh, F., Nzuobontane, E., Laurent, T., Orlowski, J., Roos, M., Wolstencroft, K., Aleksejevs, S., Stevens, R., Pettifer, S., Lopez, R., Goble, C.A.:<strong> BioCatalogue: a universal catalogue of web services for the life sciences</strong>, Nucl. Acids Res., 2010. doi:10.1093/nar/gkq394
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "5. How do I cite the BioCatalogue?" [2153-2489] -->
<h2><a name="how_can_i_contact_you" id="how_can_i_contact_you">6. How can I contact you?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

The BioCatalogue is a user driven project. If you would like to be kept informed about the developement of the project please join our <a href="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1"  rel="nofollow">friend list</a>. For bugs report, feedback or feature request email us: contact@biocatalogue.org
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "6. How can I contact you?" [2490-2838] -->
<h2><a name="what_type_of_web_service_do_you_support" id="what_type_of_web_service_do_you_support">7. What type of Web service do you support?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Currently we support <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> (WSDL type) web services, REST web services, Soaplab services. Better support for BioMoby and DAS service is coming soon. <br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "7. What type of Web service do you support?" [2839-3048] -->
<h2><a name="what_is_the_relation_between_the_biocatalogue_and_embrace_registry" id="what_is_the_relation_between_the_biocatalogue_and_embrace_registry">8. What is the relation between the BioCatalogue and Embrace registry?</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

The BioCatalogue will merge with the Embrace registry. The first public release of the BioCatalogue have harvested all the content of the Embrace registry. Subsequent releases will include all the information and capabilities of the EMBRACE service registry. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "8. What is the relation between the BioCatalogue and Embrace registry?" [3049-3394] -->
<h2><a name="i_cannot_find_a_service_category_to_assign_my_web_service_to" id="i_cannot_find_a_service_category_to_assign_my_web_service_to">9. I cannot find a service category to assign my Web Service to</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Contact us: contact@biocatalogue.org . We are continuously reviewing the BioCatalogue web service categories based on users&#039; feedback. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "9. I cannot find a service category to assign my Web Service to" [3395-] -->