
<p>
Date: Tuesday 20th Jan 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Carole, Steve, David
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Thomas, Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-188] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [189-220] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [221-249] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck had a baby! (well, not him exactly, his wife, but you know what I mean)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress of <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> (to clarify user requirements)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki and announcement to friends list</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Planning for hackathon</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [250-623] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: investigate &#039;home&#039; link on the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: list the features of the current pilot (including annotations stuff), so that they can be used in a email announcing the private beta to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Rodrigo &amp; Carole : Check the public staging part of the wiki to approve content meant for general public</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Rodrigo : mail Eric his set of questions to put on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Thomas/Eric : Plan for effort to spend developing know-how to effectively use solr. Possibly investigate other ways of using the server with/without the acts_as_solr plugin</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [624-1821] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
There was a discussion on whether it makes sense to tag operations and inputs/outputs. Steve mentioned that in most cases that they have seen in the context of the embrace registry, there is one operation that does the &#039;task&#039; of the service and other service management operations. Therefore only the tags associated with that &#039;functional&#039; operation make sense beyond the context of that service. It make sense in the first instance to focus on tagging services and not necessarily operations and inputs/outputs.
While there are cases where there are more than a single &#039;functional&#039; operation within the service envelop, as seen in some DDBJ services, this seems to be the exception. In such cases, it is important to tag the different operations
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1822-2592] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action David/Carole</strong> : Review the wiki pages intended for general public. It is important to free the public wiki of internal terminology</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action Franck</strong> : Put up a service classification draft on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action all</strong> : Add to and/or review the questions on the list of the “20 Questions”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Action Jits/Thomas/Eric/Franck</strong> : Prepare for the hackathon in Manchester. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [2593-3009] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 
 * Developer F2F at Manchester, week of the 19th
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3010-3092] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jit doing a presentation on BioCatalogue on the 29th  </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3093-3345] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-13" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-13">Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 13 2009</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-27" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-27">Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 27 2009</a> 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3346-] -->