


<h2><a name="features_of_the_biocatalogue" id="features_of_the_biocatalogue">Features of the BioCatalogue</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong><a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:discovering_web_services" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:discovering_web_services"  rel="nofollow">Web service discovery</a></strong> 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Handles service discovery by keywords or browsing the latest services submitted; </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Handles service filtering by tags on services, operations, inputs, and outputs, as well as filtering by providers, submitters, and locations.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Exposes an OpenSearch description document.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to search the BioCatalogue with your data. <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/search/by_data" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/search/by_data"  rel="nofollow">Check it out</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to search for individual <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> operation </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Finds similar services given a selected service</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 <br/>

<strong><a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:annotating_web_services" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:annotating_web_services"  rel="nofollow">Web service annotation</a></strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports annotation of services by tags, user comments(powered by Disqus) and text description. Annotated services or their parts (operations, inputs, outputs etc) are searchable. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability for users to provide many more types of annotations (like examples, name aliases, publication, citations, cost,restrictions, and so on).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Harvests all annotations and services from Feta.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> At-a-glance counts of annotations on services (grouped by provider, user and other registries).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to provide an alternative name for a service and set it as a default display name. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Posssibility to describe the service provider and set a display name</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:registering_web_services" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:registering_web_services"  rel="nofollow">Web service submission</a></strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports registration for <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> (WSDL type services) </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports registration for REST and REST service endpoint </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports registration for soaplab services. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:how_we_monitor_web_services" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:help:biocatalogue:how_we_monitor_web_services"  rel="nofollow">Web service monitoring</a></strong> 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Monitors the WSDL document and enpoints of services </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports test scripts for automatic test of the functionality of services in the BioCatalogue </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Members can archive services no longer in used </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Periodically fetches for updates of WSDL documents </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Archives deprecated or discontinued operations from the WSDL document </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong>Users</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports user registration and user profiles for both regular users and service providers.  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports Service favouriting and rating </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sign in using your regular Google, Yahoo, OpenID OR Facebook account details </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

<strong><a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:api" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=public:api"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue API</a></strong> 
 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Features of the BioCatalogue" [1-2562] -->
<h2><a name="to_get_involved" id="to_get_involved">To Get Involved</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Join our mailing list: <br/>

<a href="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue-Friends Mailing List</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "To Get Involved" [2563-2734] -->
<h2><a name="still_to_come" id="still_to_come">Still to come ...</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment:</strong> on the one hand services from BioCatalogue will be displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. On the other hand services within workflows in myExperiment will reference the appropriate services in BioCatalogue so users can click through to the information in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration to Taverna:</strong> users will be able to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna. <a href="http://www.taverna.org.uk/2010/04/14/biocatalogue-plugin-for-taverna-2-1-2/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.taverna.org.uk/2010/04/14/biocatalogue-plugin-for-taverna-2-1-2/"  rel="nofollow">Alpha version released</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public write APIs:</strong>  Services and annotations submission through the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue:</strong> setup your private BioCatalogue for your project or organisation</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

For the list of complete features  <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:roadmap" class="wikilink1" title="public:roadmap">The Roadmap</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Still to come ..." [2735-] -->