


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Tuesday 28th October 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-95] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong>  Franck, Jits
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Rodrigo, Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-172] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Carole, Hamish, Thomas, Katy
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [173-225] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [226-249] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annual Report - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [250-429] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment. <strong>We&#039;ll use EBI privacy policy.</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas : Create a public space on BioCatalogue wiki …<strong>Done.</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric, Jits, Thomas, Franck : Establish the list of features for the pilot and road map for future development</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
feature for the pilot…<strong>section 3.2 and 3.3 to be completed for the report.</strong> 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas : Configure the mailer on the BioCatalogue beta site …<strong>done, the site is: beta.biocatalogue.org</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric  : Investigate Biomoby script from Eddie…<strong>done.</strong> Eric thinks that we should extend current model for service group (by providers). </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Carole : Complete Annual Report: <strong>still section  3.2 and 3.3 to be completed..</strong>    </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Robert : Organize the advisory board meeting. Could be at EBI or Manchester and would be desirable for the whole team to be there… could be anywhere hopefully not in the middle of november. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric &amp; Thomas: set up pilot.biocatalogue.org and deploy the current work on the pilot…<strong>done.</strong> </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [430-1532] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Slower than expected but we&#039;re getting there. By next week we should have the minimum functionality ready. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annual Report - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Section 3.2 and 3.3 to be completed by Franck, Jits, Eric.

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Need to keep it simple at this stage with 2 majors items: 
</p>
<pre class="code">    where do we come from?(content from the website)
    where are we going? (roadMap)</pre>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1533-1989] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: add content to the public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1990-2153] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
<a href="http://www.swat4ls.org/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.swat4ls.org/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.swat4ls.org/</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2154-2273] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2274-2291] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting:<a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-14" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-14">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 14 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 04 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2292-] -->