
<h3 class="sectionedit1" id="web_service">Web Service</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Set of functionality that is intended for programmatic access via web technologies.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="operation">Operation</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Operation relates to units of functionality within the Web Service.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="service_base">Service Base</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
In the context of REST Web Services, the longest common shared <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="service_endpoint">Service Endpoint</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
<abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> associated with a particular operation of a Web Service. 
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="rest">REST</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
REST in the context of Web Services is a method of defining the service in a particular way using a type of distributed architecture based on resources.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="resource">Resource</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In the context of REST. A primitive in the Web Architecture, and is used in the definition of its elements.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A resource is an abstraction of a specific piece of application state or functionality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An end-point of the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For the purpose of Web Services, actions on Resources are analogous to Operations.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="soap">SOAP</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
A protocol for exchanging XML-based messages over computer networks, normally using HTTP/HTTPS. SOAP forms the foundation layer of the web services protocol stack providing a basic messaging framework upon which abstract layers can be built.
</p>

<p>
There are two main types of SOAP Web Service encodings:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> RPC Encoded</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Document Literal</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h5 id="rpc_encoded">RPC Encoded</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
A style of SOAP Web Service; a particular way of constructing the content of XML messages, based on not having a schema (unlike in Document Literal, where they are).
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="document_literal">Document Literal</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
A style of SOAP Web Service; the structure of the content of the XML messages is defined by an XML schema.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="wsdl">WSDL</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Web Services Description Language, a standard format for describing the interface of SOAP-based Web Services and a certain class of REST Web Services.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Web Service" [1-1706] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="annotation">Annotation</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Annotation is a <strong>specific</strong> piece of metadata associated with a <strong>specific</strong> aspect of the Web Service. Annotations may have a type and a context.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="semantic_annotation">Semantic Annotation</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Semantic Annotation is a <strong>specific</strong> piece of metadata associated with a <strong>specific</strong> aspect of the Web Service. These Annotations are terms from a specific ontology or a controlled vocabulary. They also must have a type and context.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="curation">Curation</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The act of moderating metadata and annotations often resulting in assertions that either add or agree/dispute existing annotations.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Annotation" [1707-] -->