


<h2><a name="telcon_meeting_on_june_13_2008" id="telcon_meeting_on_june_13_2008">Telcon Meeting on June 13, 2008</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Telcon Meeting on June 13, 2008" [1-44] -->
<h3><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Items from previous meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Round table discussions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Planning</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any other Business</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [45-165] -->
<h3><a name="attendees" id="attendees">Attendees</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
EBI
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas Laurent</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric Nzuobontane</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Manchester
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jiten Baghat</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Corole Goble</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Frank Tanoh</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Katy Wolstencroft</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attendees" [166-314] -->
<h3><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo Lopez</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hamish McWilliam</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [315-374] -->
<h3><a name="discussions" id="discussions">Discussions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="action_items_from_previous_meeting" id="action_items_from_previous_meeting">Action Items from Previous Meeting</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Korean institute was contacted by Eric. They would not transfer &#039;biocatalog.org&#039; domain to EBI but would permit links to &#039;biocatalogue.org&#039; from their pages</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> No critical examination of the annotation model yet. People to still look at it and send feedback to the mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck has posted sample stories to the mailing list and also put them up on the wiki for all to read (especially EBI people)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas has a put up a holding page on the biocatalogue.org domain</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussions on myexperiment code base between Jiten and EBI(Eric &amp; Thomas) are on-going</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="round_table" id="round_table">Round Table</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole → There is a team of people doing work on semantic annotation of web services at Manchester that could be brought into the biocatalogue project</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck → An explanation of the bronze/silver/gold/platinum annotation models that Eric and Franck worked on. Carole noted that from a user perspective, the one dimensional view of the model is fine, but in terms of capturing the information, we need to look are several dimensions[e.g- bronze,silver,gold against discovery, discrimination,execution].</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas → Had fruitful meeting with EMBRACE people who were contemplating development on a project similar to biocatalogue. Thomas convinced them to consider using biocatalogue instead. Waiting to hear from them about the discussion they had on the issue at recent meeting. There are strong indications they will be using the biocatalogue and they could provide biocatalogue with some useful tools and a user base.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jiten/Franck → Had discussions with Alex and Eric on a security annotations for biocatalogue web services. From those discussions, two ways security annotations could be done: harvesting WS-Security policy files or using set of attributes provided by community. Alex to provide biocatalogue with a sample set of attributes (as used in taverna) and also biocatalogue to point to the WS-Security policy file(if it exists).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jiten → On architecture,  need to consider scalability issues in biocatalogue in the long term. Jits suggested a possible use of Java for biocatalogue backend infrastructure. The requirements to setup a system quickly in order to have a tangible presence and to build a community suggest that rails is probably the way to go in the first instance.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discussions" [375-2756] -->
<h3><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action All → Read the paper on biocatalogue sent to the mailing list by Carole</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Carole → Speak to Steve, of the Manchester EMBRACE team about biocatalogue</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric → post database model to mailing list for comments </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action All → Planning on prototype/to building a community/to building a highly scalable infrastructure</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action All → Read on building highly scalable web applications (links to sent to list by Jits) </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric/Jits/Thomas → Design to with possible replacement of components in mind</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action All : Need flyer for  ISMB meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [2757-3371] -->
<h3><a name="others" id="others">Others</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck going to caBIG Annual General Meeting (23-25 June)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole, Katy,Thomas,Hamish &amp; Rodrigo going to ISMB meeting (20-23 July)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Corole and Katy doing paper for the project kick-off meeting for our sysmo-db project</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue to Keep the logo &amp; colors Thomas had for the mock-ups </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Others" [3372-] -->