


<h1><a name="telcon_meeting_on_may_13_2008" id="telcon_meeting_on_may_13_2008">Telcon Meeting on May 13, 2008</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Telcon Meeting on May 13, 2008" [1-47] -->
<h3><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review documentation from kick-off meeting and wiki,mailing lists and chats</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report on Pilot Scenario Use Case development</div>
<ol>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric, Franck and Hamish on services to pilot with</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric and Franck on experiments with schema, models and annotation migration</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> User categories  - Hamish</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jits on implications to myExperiment for pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Thomas and Rodrigo on first thoughts on a browser mockup</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> All: writing up the Use Case and splitting into stories and tasks</div>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Next steps on Scenario and timetable  - producing BioCatalogue STORIES</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Day to day management; chats etc</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Meetings and deadlines that are coming up - for example the myExperiment backend</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sort out project name and logo</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB </div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [48-805] -->
<h3><a name="attendees" id="attendees">Attendees</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI          - Eric, Hamish,Rodrigo, Thomas.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Manchester   - Carole,Franck,Jiten,Katy</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attendees" [806-918] -->
<h3><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [919-940] -->
<h3><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [941-961] -->
<h3><a name="discussions" id="discussions">Discussions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Agreed on BioCatalogue as the name and biocatalogue.org as the main domain name.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We discussed the need to set up the wiki properly with various sections (such as for meetings and resources). </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Chats every other day on the myExp daily dev chats (4pm or 5pm). Would be very useful for at least Eric to sit in.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric and Franck have come up with a shortlist of services to pilot. They selected a range based on how widely used and the longevity of the providers.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo was concerned about the volume of the soaplab services. Franck mentioned that about 90% have already been annotated and just need migration.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Modelling activity: Eric and Franck have produced a minimum data model. Have used them to annotate many different types of services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole discussed the notion of bronze, silver, gold and platinum compliance, in terms of what level of annotations are provided. This fits in with the idea of “wheels” for each category of metadata, that shift according to what level of compliance (or change colour, or whatever).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Viewed mockups from Thomas - unanimous appreciation (both for quality of mockups and quality of sample data [of homeresque proportions]).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussed how to build the front end for the first pilot. Decided on building this within a myExperiment installation so we can explore close integration as well as leverage the existing platform. Thomas will spend time with Jits on setting everything up and familiarising with codebase.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discussions" [962-2476] -->
<h3><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action EBI - Register domain name “biocatalogue.org” and contact the Korean institute about “biocatalog.org”  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric/Hamish/Thomas - Join the myexperiment skype chats</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric/Franck - Produce matrix of service types against bioinformatics domain coverage and properties, to   generate a representative set of services to pilot with.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Everybody - Dump all possible attributes/information that could be collected about services on to the mailing list in order to help Eric/Franck enhance the proposed curation model.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jiten/Eric/Thomas - Setup a myExperiment environment at EBI and walk through myExperiment codebase.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action everyone - Decide the exact date of the next telecom meeting; preferably week starting the 26/05.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck - select representative KEGG services to use.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck - send out definition of “semantic type” to mailing list for further discussion and refinement.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric/Franck - work on the metatada levels for bronze/silver/gold/platinum compliance.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [2477-] -->