


<h1><a name="ip_issues" id="ip_issues">IP Issues</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

An issue to be aware of is the ownership of the services, service description documents and annotations. Now this is probably something for a bunch of IP lawyers to worry about rather than a development issue, but it is something we need to be aware of.
</p>

<p>
Probably the core issue for the catatlogue is the ownership and licensing of the service description documents and the service documentation. While it is clear that, if these documents are published on the Internet, they are intended for public consumption, things get murky if licensing is not explict. In the UK a document is assumed to be copyright to the author with “all rights reserved” unless stated otherwise. Many other countries take the same view. So taking an example:
</p>

<p>
The <a href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/webservices/services/dbfetch" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/webservices/services/dbfetch"  rel="nofollow">WSDbfetch documentation</a> is explicitly copyright EMBL-EBI (see the bottom of the page), the <a href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/webservices/wsdl/WSDbfetch.wsdl" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/webservices/wsdl/WSDbfetch.wsdl"  rel="nofollow">WSDbfetch WSDL</a> is implicitly copyright EMBL-EBI as are the sample clients. Given that these are made publicly available, and are obviously intended to be used, their reproduction and use is covered by the umbrella of <em>fair use</em>. However it gets less clear what the status is if a third party wants to modify this information for their own use, say by editing the supplied annotations in BioCatalogue.
</p>

<p>
Probably the safest course for us is to assume that provider supplied information has a restrictive license, and so is not available for modification by the community or curators. This also has the benefit of not requiring annotations reset if the service changes (see <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:stories:versioning_policy" class="wikilink1" title="development:stories:versioning_policy">Versioning Policy</a>).
</p>

</div>
