
<p>
Date: Thursday 05th Mar 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 14:00-15:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Rodrigo, Eric, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [97-178] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Carole at OGF <br/>
 
Jits on the plane from Malawi <br/>

Steve not available
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [179-273] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html" class="urlextern" title="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html"  rel="nofollow">Biocuration</a> meeting 16-19 april </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue at ISMB!!!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Advisory board</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on rubyForge and who they are allocated to. </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [274-852] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole/Steve: to look into hiring a summer student for BioCatalogue - <strong>Carole/Steve not here</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck submit a abstract for poster presentation at ISMB 2009 <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: start a <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:biocatalogue_faq" class="wikilink1" title="development:biocatalogue_faq">FAQ</a> on the wiki <strong>ongoing</strong> - 1 question from Rodrigo: what time of service do you support? This is a very general question but can split it into different questions. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [853-1301] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy: Rodrigo is waiting for updates from Carole to see how that fits with EBI policies and &#039;politics&#039;. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/development of the pilot - are we rolling? </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Yes, we&#039;re rolling. Soaplab submission is 80% completed, service testing/monitoring is on the right track, we have more than 140 services registered…. Rodrigo insisted that we should keep to the requirements we outlined during the F2F at the EBI. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI: infrastructure not clearly discussed yet. We should probability do it a la &#039;Embrace&#039;. Further discussion needed.  </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on rubyForge and who they are allocated to.: complete review of the current task list on Monday.      </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review: 1 mail from the DDBJ team regarding the submission of REST services to Embrace catalogue, still outstanding. We&#039;ve forwarded it to Steve but no response yet. Eric will attempt to respond.     </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 20 questions analysis <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a>: Check out the brand new 20 questions and send your feedback to Franck. For the next couple of days we&#039;re going to split them into interface/backend/documentation related issues. </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1302-2580] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html" class="urlextern" title="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html"  rel="nofollow">Biocuration</a> meeting 16-19 april - Franck to produce a poster for that event</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ISMB: Eric, Rodrigo, Carole, Katy, …. are going - Franck has submitted an abstract for a poster presentation. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2581-2881] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The EBI team will be in Manchester on the 19th for the advisory board meeting the next day. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2882-2991] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-02-23" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-02-23">Phone Conference Meeting on Feb 23 2009</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-09">Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 09 2009</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2992-] -->