


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Tuesday 04th Nov 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-91] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong>  
Jits, Franck, Katy and constantinos
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> 
Eric, Thomas and Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [92-204] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Carole, Hamish
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [205-243] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Katy

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [244-269] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [270-412] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - ongoing</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: add content to the public wiki - sent content for Jits and Franck to upload</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [413-651] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Jits raised the issue from the myGrid meeting of Biocatalogue being a closed project and people were starting to offer to add code and want to get involved (e.g. Egon from Bioclipse). Also, the Biocatalogue list is too quiet, so people don&#039;t know what is happening or expected to happen soon. 
It was suggested that code contributions happen after the pilot and all effort is focused on the pilot for now, but we should disseminate more information on the friends list to keep people interested.
Action on Franck to mail the friends list with features for the pilot and when it will be available, along with a roadmap for after the pilot.
</p>

<p>
Franck raised the issue with the Embrace registry. On their website they acknowledge Biocatalogue and say their registry will be consumed by it, but on the Biocatalogue site, we don&#039;t mention Embrace. We should add something about their registry and our collaboration/co-operation on this. 
Marco suggested encouraging people to submit to the Embrace registry for now, but Rodrigo says it is only for partners in Embrace and Biosapiens. There is an issue with the Biosapiens services though - some are DAS and Biocatalogue does not yet support DAS. We need to discuss this further after the pilot.
</p>

<p>
<em class="u">Pilot Progress</em>
</p>

<p>
Soap aervice submission is finished
</p>

<p>
Jits working on event logging and on the discovery piece and service indexing
</p>

<p>
Eric working on WSDL parsing - he still needs to deal with complex types
</p>

<p>
Eric suggested a period of code consolidation towards the end of the week before a possible private release on Friday/Monday.
</p>

<p>
Rodrigo commented that we need to have something to show to external people by the end of November to show to Embrace/Enfin and Biosapiens. Rodrigo also commented that we need to be clear about the scope of the pilot and what will/will not be in there. 
</p>

<p>
<em class="u">Upcoming meetings</em>
</p>

<p>
Syngenta 12 November - Franck to describe and possibly demo Biocatalogue. If the pilot is not ready, he will show screenshots
</p>

<p>
SWATLS - 28 Nov Jits, Eric and Carole to attend and Franck only there and back in 1 day. Action on Jits to find out from Carole if there is a Biocatalogue meeting on 27th in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark Wilkinson
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [652-2871] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - incorporate commments from Sergejs (and others, if any).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits and Franck: add content to the Biocatalogue wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: mail the friends list with features for the pilot and when it will be available, along with a roadmap for after the pilot.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Ask Carole what is happening on the 27th November - is there a Biocatalogue meeting in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark W</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [2872-3373] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
<a href="http://www.swat4ls.org/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.swat4ls.org/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.swat4ls.org/</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3374-3493] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3494-3511] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting:<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-28" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-28">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 28 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:<span class="curid"><a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-11-04">Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 04 2008</a></span>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3512-] -->