


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2010" id="the_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2010">The BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2010</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Please note that the time scales listed are estimated. New requirements and changes driven by the user community may affect features, delivery dates and schedule.
</p>

<p>
You can access the previous roadmap here: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:roadmap2009" class="wikilink1" title="public:roadmap2009">2009 roadmap</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2010" [1-293] -->
<h2><a name="first_quarter_of_2010_jan_-_mar" id="first_quarter_of_2010_jan_-_mar">First quarter of 2010 (Jan - Mar)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (I)</strong> - Basic RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (mainly read).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - testing</strong> - Test scripts to test out service functionality can be provided by submitters and service providers. We will then run these regularly to provide us with metrics on the availability/reliability. A traffic light system (red, green, amber) gives users an at-a-glance view on status.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support (II)</strong> - Better support for REST services, with the ability to describe and annotate the exact Resources, Methods, Parameters and Representations of REST services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service changes monitoring</strong> - Monitoring changes in the WSDLs of services and updating the BioCatalogue records and providing a log of changes.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>User interface improvements</strong> - A revamped operations/inputs/outputs browser to allow easy navigation and annotation of operations/inputs/outputs of services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "First quarter of 2010 (Jan - Mar)" [294-1246] -->
<h2><a name="second_quarter_of_2010_apr_-_jun" id="second_quarter_of_2010_apr_-_jun">Second quarter of 2010 (Apr - Jun)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service ownership</strong> - Better management of who the provides a service and which people are maintainers / points of contacts.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (II)</strong> - More functional RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (read).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Full EMBRACE import </strong>: Import all services, metadata, users and test scripts from the EMBRACE registry</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST service annotation improvement</strong> Better support for describing REST services - Describe endpoints, parameters and representations</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioCatalogue plugin for Taverna</strong>: Alpha version of the BioCatalogue plugin for Taverna 2.1.2</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>User interface improvement</strong>: Improve user interface for browsing <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> operations and REST endpoints</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Search improvement</strong>: Possibility to return matching <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> operations in search</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Second quarter of 2010 (Apr - Jun)" [1247-2062] -->
<h2><a name="third_quarter_2010_jul_-_sep" id="third_quarter_2010_jul_-_sep">Third quarter 2010 (Jul - Sep)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Annotation Jamboree! (II)</strong> at the EMBRACE Workshop for Web Service Providers in Bioinformatics (June 2-4, 2010), Denmark</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curation workbench/tools</strong> - New curation tools designed for expert curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Major curation of the service providers information in the Catalogue</strong> - replace host name by actual service provider name </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with Taverna</strong> - Ability to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue</strong> - Ability to set up your own local BioCatalogue registry.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service Monitoring improvement</strong> - Ability to update WSDLs entry in the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service ownership</strong> - Members may request responsibility for a service </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Implement an activity feed for services</strong> </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Homepage improvement</strong> - Activity feed for the homepage</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Archiving mechanism for services, operations, inputs and outputs</strong> </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Search improvement</strong>: Return matching REST endpoints in search</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Third quarter 2010 (Jul - Sep)" [2063-3088] -->
<h2><a name="fourth_quarter_2010_oct_-_dec" id="fourth_quarter_2010_oct_-_dec">Fourth quarter 2010 (Oct - Dec)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> (III)</strong>: JSON outputs for all <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> endpoints, Initial Write <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> and OAuth support for authentication and authorisation through the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Support for HTTPS (<acronym title="Secure Sockets Layer">SSL</acronym>) connections</strong>  </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong> Service monitoring improvement</strong>: Support for SoapUI test suites (xml project files), Show historical success rate of tests and Email notification to users when test status changes</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioCatalogue Taverna plugin (II)</strong>: New BioCatalogue plugin for Taverna 2.3 with a much more simplified user interface</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curation tools</strong>: Mass curation desktop application ( e.g. using spreadsheets for mass curation of services)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Fourth quarter 2010 (Oct - Dec)" [3089-3757] --><div class="level2">

<p>
The features we plan to implement or improve for 2011 can be found here: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public_staging:roadmap_2011" class="wikilink1" title="public_staging:roadmap_2011">roadmap 2011</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "" [3758-] -->