
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="questions_for_biocatalogue">20 Questions for BioCatalogue</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
(ref: Jim Gray&#039;s 20 Questions [link])
</p>

<p>
<strong>Similar to what is happening for myExperiment</strong>
</p>

<p>
We have identified 4 categories of questions so far
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="questions_on_statistics_in_the_system_how_many">1- questions on statistics in the system, how many…</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How many services has provider X? …currently implemented but need to make sure it clear enough for users… How many of those are REST? How many of those are SOAP? …different type of services should be clear on the site and users should know the number of each type after a search… <strong>implemented</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How many submitters does provider X have?…number of submitter from a provider must be clear</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How many services are annotated at bronze, silver, gold and platinum standards? … should be possible to filter service using the different level of annotation.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>

<h5 id="questions_on_metrics_status">2- questions on metrics, status</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What is the reliability profile of service X? Can I see the usage history of service X? who is the provider? is it free… Each service should have a profile (reliability, history of use, free, licenses etc) </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which are the most recently updated services? Which are the most recently registered services? Most search services? …possibility to filter services based on these factors. </div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>

<h5 id="questions_about_relations_functions_of_services_this_section_requires_rich_annotations">3- questions about relations/functions of services (this section requires rich annotations)</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which services consume given input/output?… possible if we have a semantic annotation in place</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which service takes input X and generates output Y (under conditions x,y, z)?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which services perform a given biological function?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which service can I use in place of a given service?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Which other service is using the same data as service X?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What paper(DOI) or myExperiment workflows are available for this service?… possibility to point to external resources for service description.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>

<h5 id="housekeeping_questions">4-housekeeping questions</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
The questions here are about: <br/>

</p>

<p>
A- How to use BioCatalogue
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How do I report misinformation in the registry? … how can users contact us?…<strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Can i access the catalogue in any other way? … use our code/APIs …<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What &#039;functions&#039; are available? … list of thing user can do </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Will my account be deactivated, after some period(how long?) of inactivity?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Do I have to register?… justify the need for registration for service submission</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Who do I contact for more information about service X?… internal messaging. <br/>
</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
B- Capability
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Can I filter tags by service, operation, parameters? can I find operations? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Do I have access to the output in JSON and/or RDF/XML, SAWSDL …</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Are there any restrictions in the number of calls I an make? <br/>
</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
C- Sustainability
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Who are you? … who is behind BioCatalogue </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Will you be around next year time? … </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How can I get involved in BioCatalogue? … </div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
