


<h2><a name="biocatalogue_project_kick-off_meeting" id="biocatalogue_project_kick-off_meeting">BioCatalogue Project Kick-Off Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Place : Manchester  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Date  : 28/29 April 2008</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "BioCatalogue Project Kick-Off Meeting" [1-104] -->
<h3><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="monday_28th_april" id="monday_28th_april">Monday 28th April</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
12.00 Lunch
</p>

<p>
13.30 Introduction to the meeting: introducing people to each other, their roles – Carole
</p>

<p>
14.00 Introduction to the project  including discussion – Carole (with Rodrigo and Robert joining in)
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brief demo of myExperiment – Jiten Bhagat</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

15.30 Tea break
</p>

<p>
16.00 Curation Perspective: Service directories, state of the art for service curation, what we have. what we want
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Current myGrid practices: good and evil         Franck Tanoh (with Katy joining in)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bionanny and workflow analytics            Alan and Jits</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Current state of the art and other initiatives   (Hunter, Microsoft, UDDI, SAWSDL, SEEKDA etc)  Franck Tanoh (with Katy joining in)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Other similar resources (Strengths and Weaknesses) - Eric Nzuobontane</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Web Services Status from the EBI - Hamish</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Minimum Information About Open Web Services proposal in submission to the Minimum Information for Biological and Biomedical Investigations (MIBBI) - Duncan Hull <a href="http://mibbi.sourceforge.net/" class="urlextern" title="http://mibbi.sourceforge.net/"  rel="nofollow">http://mibbi.sourceforge.net/</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Digitial Library perspective  - David De Roure</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion with everyone joining in</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

17.30 Summary of discussion points and replanning for next day
</p>

<p>
19.00 Pub and Dinner somewhere nice
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="tuesday_29th_april" id="tuesday_29th_april">Tuesday 29th April</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

09.00 Discovery Perspective:  SOTA, what we have and what we want
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> myExperiment  - Jiten Bhagat</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EB-eye            - Rodrigo  Lopez</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Feta: an example of what we don&#039;t want - Franck</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Amazon shopping metaphor  - Carole Goble</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Other initiatives</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

11.00 Coffee Break
</p>

<p>
11.30 Project planning
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Architecture</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Metadata models</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Key standards</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supporting the curation pipeline</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Low hanging fruit</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Key milestones</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

12.30  Lunch
</p>

<p>
13.00 Admin niff-naff
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Project management methods - f2f, skype chats, wiki, mailing lists</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tying into myExperiment, Taverna and EBI efforts</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BBSRC report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Meetings</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Collaborations</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

15.30  FINISH 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [105-2052] -->
<h3><a name="attendees" id="attendees">Attendees</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

From EBI 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas Laurent</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo Lopez </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hamish McWilliam</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric Nzuobontane</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
From Manchester 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jiten Bhagat</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole Goble</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Duncan Hull </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Robert Stevens</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck Tanoh</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Alan Williams (for BioNanny part of the meeting)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Kaixuan Wang  (Observer)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Katy Wolstencroft</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
On Skype:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> David De Roure / Danius Michaelides </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Representative from NBIC</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attendees" [2053-2452] -->
<h3><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [2453-2473] -->
<h3><a name="discussions" id="discussions">Discussions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="day_1" id="day_1">Day 1</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h5><a name="introductions_from_attendees" id="introductions_from_attendees">Introductions from attendees</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>EBI people:</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric – Web services and back end guy for biocatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas web site – web developer and interfaces experience with bio background</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hamish – data processing pipelines – srs, blast, fasta etc – involved in web service development at ebi. Hamish is main support person.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo – head the external services group – gateway for web etc, web services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need a logo and possibly a new name. Is Biocatalogue ok? Legal problems last time for biocatalogue at the EBI</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="introduction_to_the_project" id="introduction_to_the_project">Introduction to the project</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole introducing why web services and workflows are important</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Not only web services to consider – java, perl, biomart.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Most users are not in big commercial enterprises – consumers and producers could be different – but some people are both</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Workflow analytics important for biocatalogue too – as service analytics is a big part</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Web services – domain and shim services have different properties and this affects finding and using them</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brief introduction to myExperiment – descriptions of workflows – EMOs – shopping metaphor </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Things being looked at and/or adopted by myExperiment (mostly for EMOs)
OAI-ORE – model for object reuse and exchange – standard in the library community – <acronym title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</acronym> community
PMH – protocol for metadata harvesting

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation commodities</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Object</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation Model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Functional</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Operational</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provenance</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Reputation</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Descriptions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ontologies</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Controlled vocab</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tags</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Folksonomies</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Free text</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Tagging</strong> – how do we over-see the tagging rather than controlling? Do we need more that tags? Is there still a place for ontologies as well?
Everyone agreed that not exposing ontologies to users is a good thing – but they could play a role under the hood
The important thing is helping users annotate by providing better tooling – keep everything simple – we can’t force people to fill in lots of forms etc.
Keeping ahead of our competitors – not competing by being uniquely different – it implies a steep learning curve – users don’t want that. Use metaphors that the customers already know – shopping for airline tickets, for example, is the same whatever company you use.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="a_brief_description_of_other_initiatives_in_the_community" id="a_brief_description_of_other_initiatives_in_the_community">A Brief Description of other initiatives in the community</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> UDDI – is it dying? No longer being used by IBM etc. It is being used for things it wasn’t originally designed for.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation swirl – SMARTER curation – Carole’s acronym </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wiki professional – Marco suggested we look at it </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wiki protein – annotation is always connected to a user. If they are an expert, the curation is worth more. Wiki pathway is an extension of this</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo is worried by wiki protein – no peer review – we need provenance of annotations</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> MIBBI – set of data types – not services – MIAOWS proposal is therefore different – how would that work? What IS the minimum?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Range of services we need to describe – rest, soap, biomoby – no migration of services.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="hamish_talks_about_web_services_at_the_ebi" id="hamish_talks_about_web_services_at_the_ebi">Hamish talks about web services at the EBI</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Domains and technologies mostly bio users but some chemists and systems – see slides</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> They support REST and <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> – lots of services have both interfaces</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
REST – DAS and Http

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SeekDa – bioinformatics services feature high in web services cloud</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Web services and web interface just as popular according to the ebi graph

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Documentation</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WSDL documentation – travels with wsdl but are inconsistently done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Good for describing the interface but not the service function usually</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services page</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Already got web page docs – to reuse – what’s the api? Methods and data structure</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sample clients – java and perl</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Also looking at dotnet</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Complex dependencies between parameters – inputs and outputs also</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to give combinations and ranges of allowed values</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eg blast – protein/nucleotide/db and type of search</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Metadata and EB-Eye</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Who are your users? Most bench biologists use fill in web forms</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Web services – developers writing plugins</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bioinf users doing high throughput – workflows or otherwise</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How do we tell users how to use services? How do we stop people doing DOS attacks? Rodrigo told of web service   problems and we described similar</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Marco suggested that other users’ documentation would be more useful than developers stuff. Rodrigo suggested that sometimes people don’t or can’t read documentation, so we need to control those situations.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

 * Data is changing all the time and so are the resources – there is a history which needs preserving. Provenance of documentation and annotation very important

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In myExp the users are generally the same – small community and self monitoring. All skilled</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="alan_talks_about_bionanny" id="alan_talks_about_bionanny">Alan talks about Bionanny</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A web service with rest interface. Can monitor workflows of interest.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services being not available – where do you monitor that?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Some people set up alternates before runtime – some just want any old alternate that can be found and some will want to stop the workflow until it is back again</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pingers – how do we keep track of services – what is up and working? How does that change with real data?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Should ‘get status’ be part of the minimum information model?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How does this relate to the open provenance model? Does it have a mechanism to report service problems?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="franck_talks_about_current_mygrid_metadata" id="franck_talks_about_current_mygrid_metadata">Franck talks about current myGrid metadata</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need to remove the annotation tool and start again – Pedro is not suitable. We need a more webby and more dynamic interface. We need to preserve the annotations we already have though, so we need to think about migration</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="dave_talks_about_the_digital_library_perspective" id="dave_talks_about_the_digital_library_perspective">Dave talks about the digital library perspective –</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> emo and oai-ore protocols</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Exchanging metadata about arbitrary objects – harvesting standard – eg used in e-prints, fedora etc. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Focus on object reuse and exchange – still in alpha format. Acknowledged the need to group objects together. In myExp this is the emo – a description of all the different pieces and giving it a <acronym title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</acronym>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> myExp is about working with experimental objects/research objects rather than just workflows or services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discussions" [2474-8826] -->
<h3><a name="day_2" id="day_2">Day 2</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="starts_with_a_myexperiment_demo" id="starts_with_a_myexperiment_demo">Starts with a myExperiment demo</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas asked why there is the option to view but not download and we discussed bio practices of  publication and when that could be and why it might be appropriate</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Marco brought up the publications store concept – making myExperiment THE place to reference workflows in papers</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue is different because it is a registry and not a repository. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Myexperiment is a gossip shop and ‘water cooler’</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tagging important – who tagged what is interesting and should be preserved</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services inside workflows – find out what’s inside – find out when particular services are used</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> When is an operation different? Jits suggests that if the metadata no longer applies, then it is a new version</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Combinations of parameters are important and can be badly selected by users – but we are building this for professionals – they should know a bit about what they are trying to do

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Marco brought up web service versions – how do you do this? Hamish said there have been attempts – services contain version numbers – but many service providers do not bother, so it is a hard and unsolved problem</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="franck_and_eric_on_state_of_the_art" id="franck_and_eric_on_state_of_the_art">Franck and Eric on state of the art</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> UDDI – business to business model – flawed and now on the decline. Only useful for WSDL and we have more than that</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SeekDa demo – interesting site and already contains a lot of web services. Do we need to collaborate with these people? They suggested it – we need to know their model before we join them – how do they make their money, for example?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> serviceFinder is a web 2.0 interface for seekda</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EB-Eye – all about searching for data – how does that map to searching for services?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lumina – wsdl-s and owl-s – all these things change frequently – so Carole advocates not adopting them for now</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SAWSDL – w3 recommendation – could become more widely adopted – we should watch its progress. SAWSDL relies on adding to the WSDL file, so it must be the service providers who adopt this. We cannot add sawsdl to existing wsdls without changing their location</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Robert asks is there anything that indexes “stuff”, heterogeneous collections of data and resources? Biology links directory – just a web page with links on it</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Marco/Robert brought up skos as a search mechanism instead of formal ontologies and we discussed having skos as a search tool and ontology descriptions as mechanisms for knowing how to invoke services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="duncan_on_miaows" id="duncan_on_miaows">Duncan on MIAOWS</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion about the differences between finding and invoking</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What does it do is fundamental – and missing from duncan’s model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> No provision for data formats or underlying data resources or algorithms. I would add these to the model also</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need examples and mandatory/optional/default. Is this minimum or extra useful stuff?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Day 2" [8827-11724] -->
<h3><a name="project_planning" id="project_planning">Project Planning</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h5><a name="workpackages" id="workpackages">Workpackages</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wp1 back end catalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wp2 acquisition and discovery</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wp3 discovery tools</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wp4 content acquisition</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wp5 user engagement &amp; community building</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole proposes moving the api work forward – do a thin slice of some model, some backend and some curation – sooner than six months</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Prototyping model and browser – maybe even as a series of power point slides</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo explained the hardware available – got a sys admin to set up environment for working – franck, jits and eric need to work out what they need</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue will be set up in ebi and interface myExperiment as well as lots of other applications</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What should we start with? Thomas suggested – clicking on a service and going to biocatalogue interface – maybe as an advanced feature, we could skin it so it looks like myExperiment</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Migrate descriptions from Feta and EB-Eye </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Would we have time for tagging? What is the tagging bus between myExp and biocat?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple biocatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Minimal service model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Programming interface</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Skinning with myExperiment</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Migrate feta</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Migrate ebi descriptions</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo suggests by next Friday that we have mock ups and proposals for simple models</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>Do we need to consider the curation model?</strong>

</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Nominate your services – 12 or so – representative of range – and used in workflows. Eric and Franck and me</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> write a simple schema Eric and Franck and me</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas and Rodrigo to do interface mock-ups</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User type – mapping </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Documentation, wiki etc – Carole, Jits</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Set up techy show and tell - jits</div>
</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Document the meeting – Robert and carole writing a briefings paper about annotating web services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Set up techy show and tell backends </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Tuesday 13 May 4-5 pm planning – telecon?</strong>
</p>

<p>
In detail…..
</p>

<p>
Infrastructure:
 
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Domain name (EBI)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hardware (EBI)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Infrastructure development</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits + Eric</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> understanding myExp infrastructure</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Understanding the myExp model</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
M1 (throwaway):
 
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple biocatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Minimal service model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Programming interface</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> &#039;Skinning&#039; with myExp</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Migrate Feta (myGrid)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Migrate EBI description</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (tagging)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tag service? Tag bus?</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
 
Write up stories by May
 
For Tuesday 13th May, 4pm - 5pm
 
Data show and tell
 
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple schema (Eric &amp; Franck, Katy cheering)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas, Rodrigo mock up (Thomas)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Nominate your services (Franck)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 12 services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Representative of range</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In workflows</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User types (Hamish)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Documentation / Notes from meeting / Wiki / Slides (Carole &amp; Jits)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Set up techy show + tell (myexperiment stuff) (Jits &amp; Eric)</div>
</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Create new mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Create a new space on dev wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Project Planning" [11725-14512] -->
<h3><a name="others" id="others">Others</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Others" [14513-] -->