
<p>
Date: Monday 27th Apr 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 14:30-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Jits, Franck, Steve
</p>

<p>

<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [95-179] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Carole, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [180-219] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [220-250] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report back from <a href="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html"  rel="nofollow">Biocuration</a> meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SAB minutes? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation model document</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible collaboration with Microsoft</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Plan for the BioIT meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Report back from silent public release </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [251-883] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas, Franck: update the <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09">SAB minutes</a> and make them more comprehensive minutes… <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say…<strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Update on decision on the script running environment…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Investigate background processing for long running tasks… <strong>assigned to Jits</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Re-prioritize work on the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> for service monitoring… <strong>assigned to jits</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck &amp; Eric : Produce elaborate document on the BioCatalogue data model …<strong>ongoing</strong>: we&#039;ve set up the outline of the document and writing it up. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All : Decide on how to go forward with the ratings [ on whether we make that available to the public at this stage or not] … <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [884-1855] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Testing environment at the EBI</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The EBI wants a explicit document of the type of the test we&#039;ll harvest, 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service monitoring </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
We questioned the use of the traffic light system for the monitor piece only. Pinging a service endpoint and not getting a response back does not necessarily mean that the service is dead (i.e DDBJ). Other criteria such as host name, wsdl availability may also be misleading. We(Eric, Franck, Jits and Thomas) think that the traffic light system should be the result of a careful test (with tests scripts provided by service providers).  
There is therefore a need to find other ways to present(interface wise) the result of a monitored service. Or the traffic light system could be the result of service monitoring + testing<br/>

The service monitor should include:  1-soap connect, 2-wget, 3-pinging host, 4-pinging endpoing 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Merge BioCatalogue - Embrace</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The merge will happen when all the features in Embrace are implemented in BioCatalogue. 2 left: testing infrastructure and APIs. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SAB minutes? </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Thomas will send it to the list. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation model document</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Franck &amp; Eric are writing it up. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
We had good feedback from the friend list. The beta site is no more password protected. <br/>

Jits has produced a page to gather metric information. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1856-3209] -->
<h2><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: update the list on issue related to testing and monitoring </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Create a wiki page for testing and monitoring issues.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [3210-3375] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
ISMB
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3376-3413] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3414-3432] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-20" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-20">Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 20 2009</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3433-] -->