
<p>
For 2011 we plan to work on the following features, which will be prioritised based on users&#039; feedback and requests. 
To have your say, please join the <a href="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue-Friends Mailing List</a>
 

</p>

<h2><a name="functional_units_fu" id="functional_units_fu">Functional Units (FU)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Functional/task view over web services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> FUs as conﬁgurations and compositions of underlying service operations that can then be described, annotated and searched for</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Functional Units (FU)" [269-478] -->
<h2><a name="improving_search_capabilities_and_user_interface" id="improving_search_capabilities_and_user_interface">Improving search capabilities and user interface</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “People who searched for this also searched for x”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Consolidating the filtering and search user interfaces</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Improving search capabilities and user interface" [479-659] -->
<h2><a name="improving_the_annotations_mechanism" id="improving_the_annotations_mechanism">Improving the annotations mechanism</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Incorporating the EDAM ontology</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Richer annotation fields (choice-based, semantic chooser, suggestions, etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Improving the annotations mechanism" [660-824] -->
<h2><a name="better_curation_reports_and_tools_for_expert_curators" id="better_curation_reports_and_tools_for_expert_curators">Better curation reports and tools for expert curators</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improving the curation dashboard and annotating features</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Better curation reports and tools for expert curators" [825-952] -->
<h2><a name="try_it_now_service_functionality" id="try_it_now_service_functionality">“Try it now” service functionality</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to test and play with a service within the BioCatalogue interface e.g. run <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> operations or REST endpoints directly</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "“Try it now” service functionality" [953-1134] -->
<h2><a name="curator_community_features" id="curator_community_features">Curator community features</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improving support for curators and building a community of curators e.g. curator invites and reward badges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation status bar: a status bar to display the overall annotation status of a service. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Curator community features" [1135-1381] -->
<h2><a name="more_customisable_and_brand-able_system" id="more_customisable_and_brand-able_system">More customisable and brand-able system</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More and more people are deploying their own instance using the BioCatalogue software</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to make the software more customisable as well as more robust</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to make it easier to configure images, styles, colours etc</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "More customisable and brand-able system" [1382-1663] -->
<h2><a name="integration_with_myexperiment" id="integration_with_myexperiment">Integration with myExperiment</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Workflows in myExperiment will have links to the relevant services, with metadata and monitoring status pulled from BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Integration with myExperiment" [1664-1940] -->
<h2><a name="better_service_filtering_and_ranking" id="better_service_filtering_and_ranking">Better service filtering and ranking</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to filter or rank service based on annotations, quality, curators etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Better service filtering and ranking" [1941-2075] -->
<h2><a name="service_versions" id="service_versions">Service versions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Support for different versions of a service (i.e.: <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> and REST versions of a single service).</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Service versions" [2076-2205] -->
<h2><a name="notifications_and_news_feeds_per_service" id="notifications_and_news_feeds_per_service">Notifications and news feeds per service</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity on a service within the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Notifications and news feeds per service" [2206-] -->