


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Tuesday 30th September 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-97] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Carole, Jits, Mike, Paolo
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [98-193] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Katy, Hamish, Rodrigo 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [194-239] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [240-268] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report from Eric&#039;s last visit.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling? What is plan B?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wish list for after the pilot (discuss):</div>
<ul>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Plugins for myexperiment.</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Service testing.</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Integration with Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [269-579] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: setup a developer design meeting. <strong>Completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everyone: read EBI privacy policy. <strong>Ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas: discuss UI coordination. <strong> Completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric/Jits: Agree on a date for Eric&#039;s visit in Manchester. <strong>Completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas : Add the questionnaire to the website. It was decided to drop this action as the pilot is weeks away. <strong>To Be removed</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [580-1081] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>

<h4><a name="report_from_eric_s_last_visit" id="report_from_eric_s_last_visit">Report from Eric&#039;s last visit</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
 Investigated the Taverna WSDL parser for complex type services but did not find it useful for the pilot. 
 It was decided that we&#039;ll handle complex type service latter on after the pilot. 
 Eric/Franck/Jits also discussed the handling of services instances. 
 For <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services, Service instance will be based on the WSDL location; each instance can have several versions. 
 Annotations of a service instance can apply to multiple version. 
 Eric and Jits did some coding. 
 

</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="progress_with_the_pilotare_we_rolling_what_is_plan_b" id="progress_with_the_pilotare_we_rolling_what_is_plan_b">Progress with the pilot: are we rolling? What is plan B?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

 No plan B! We&#039;ve go to deliver the pilot. At worse delay it. 
Eric working on the submission piece. Jits looking at updating data model, based on latest disucssions, and looking at service mapping and generation of unique service code which could
be used by myExperiment or Taverna to refer to a specific service in the catalogue. 
 Thomas has completed the logging mechanism which required user name and password. He added few changes to the UI. 
</p>

<p>
 Support for annotation being very essential for the pilot, Jits will take more time on doing that than the integration to myExperiment. The latter can be scheduled after the pilot.
</p>

<p>
 It will be politically incorrect not to support BioMoby services. We don&#039;t have to have the ontology at this stage but they may be a possibility to just get all their services and treat the ontology terms as tags. We can find out if Eddy can help. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="evaluation_strategy_for_the_pilot" id="evaluation_strategy_for_the_pilot">Evaluation strategy for the pilot</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mark Wilkinson will be in Manchester so will test it as a provider </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We&#039;ll advertise or demo the pilot at the Semantic web service in November </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Show and tell at the EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Show and tell in Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Testing by our PALS and friends.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>Continued on: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:eval_strategy_pilot" class="wikilink1" title="development:eval_strategy_pilot">Evaluation strategy for the pilot</a></strong>
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="wish_list_for_after_the_pilot" id="wish_list_for_after_the_pilot">Wish list for after the pilot</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
 
We need a clear roadmap after the pilot to tell people what to expect next.
Some element for the roadmap: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> workflow monitor</div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> usage metrics collection </div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> notifications</div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> BioMoby support </div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> Other service type support (Rest…)</div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> Similarity search mechanism</div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> Amazon like search mechanism</div>
</li>
<li class="level7"><div class="li"> Semantic annotation and search mechanism</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Continued on: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:roadmap" class="wikilink1" title="development:roadmap">RoadMap </a></strong>
</p>

<p>
Paolo was more interested in the semantic annotation side of the catalogue. He wanted to know if BioCatalogue will 
support SAWSDL services. Carole suggested that it should be possible to query the catalogue with a SAWSDL interface. 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1082-3728] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 * Gather the Must Could Should Won&#039;t requirements (Done: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:requirements_for_pilot" class="wikilink1" title="development:requirements_for_pilot"> Requirements for Pilot</a>)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [3729-3859] -->
<h2><a name="next_meeting" id="next_meeting">Next Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Tues 07/10/2008
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Next Meeting" [3860-3902] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3903-3934] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3935-3953] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-09-19" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-09-19">Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 09 2008</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-07" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-07">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 7 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3954-] -->