
<p>
Date: Monday 30th Mar 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Carole, Jits
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Rodrigo, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [95-174] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Franck, Eric, Steve
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [175-218] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Jits
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [219-246] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> what next after the <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09">SAB</a>? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI         </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on rubyForge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [247-702] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April… <strong>UNKNOWN</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy… <strong>ONGOING</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI – ownership and diplomacy… <strong>ONGOING</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list… <strong>UNKNOWN</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Create a mailing list for the SAB team… <strong>ONGOING</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [703-1098] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1099-1121] -->
<h2><a name="previous_actions" id="previous_actions">Previous Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Discussed the need to make proper and more comprehensive minutes for the SAB meeting. 
</p>

<p>
We need a set of recommendations post SAB meeting.
</p>

<p>
What were the key things from the SAB meeting?
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expectation management of users and making sure BioCatalogue does not endorse any metadata that is not professionally curated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The need for better search clustering, browsing, and faceting is important, which requires more and better classification of services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Keeping providers in the loop - continual feedback and providing them with the tools to keep on top of things.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Distinguish between subjective and objective opinions and make this VERY CLEAR to users.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

NOTE: the above list is only speculative and the final outcomes of the SAB meeting will be confirmed once full minutes are produced.
</p>

<p>
Discussed what Carole needs to speak about at the BioIT meeting re policies:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Policy for takedown and responsibilities.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Disclaimers.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>Which brings the need for users to agree to these policies/disclaimers/conditions on signup.</strong>
</p>

<p>
Discussed the BRO (Biological Resource Ontology?) from MIBBI. Rodrigo: would be useful to speak to them as the have a lot of experience.
</p>

<p>
We discussed sourcing from ontologies and how we need a much better biologically oriented model of annotations so that we can make discovery of services, especially focusing on inputs, easier and more useful.
</p>

<p>
Re: annotating inputs - the myGrid ontology has things in it that are important and can be used to start with.
</p>

<p>
<strong>We need to focus our attentions on this data model and get it at a stable and more useful state!</strong> (This is the conceptual data model rather than any implementation data model).
</p>

<p>
Observations about current data model and it&#039;s documentation:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need a “clean” data model showing all possible annotations and on what structures of a service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There are many missing pieces.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> It needs to be biologically-driven - it has to cater for our target domain and target users and provide that added value that only comes from real domain knowledge.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need a minimum information model + any constrained options for values (eg: annotation with attribute “sequence” can only take the following values “x”, “y”….). This is very much about the Bronze/Silver/Gold/Platinum model, which needs to be <strong>revisited</strong> and continually evolved.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The documentation is not clear about the whole layered approach - ie: (i) service structures + (ii) generic annotation model + (iii) concrete annotations on the service structures. We need better documentation! Especially for (iii).</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Rodrigo proposes that Franck goes down to the EBI for 3 days to work on data model with Eric/Rodrigo/Thomas/Hamish. <strong>Unanimous agreement.</strong>
</p>

<p>
Carole has emailed Rudi (<acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> BioIT guy). Drafting a letter - “memorandum of understanding”. BioCatalogue isn&#039;t a legal entity - MoU with project or per institution? Rodrigo: would have to involve EMBLEM, which we don&#039;t want to do!
</p>

<p>
REST <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> and myExp integration are not of high priority - we need a richly populated + richly featured site first.
</p>

<p>
Should be move to mod_rails/Passenger? <strong>Unanimous agreement.</strong>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous Actions" [1122-4282] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html" class="urlextern" title="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html"  rel="nofollow">Biocuration</a> meeting 16-19 april </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ISMB - we have a poster accepted </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [4283-4461] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Should we change the meeting date?
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [4462-4514] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: sort out wording for policies/disclaimers/conditions and figure out a plan on where to put these on the site, and where users need to be notified of these.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: make his notes from the SAB meeting (incl new tasks identified) available.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo, Franck: update the <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09">SAB minutes</a> and make them more comprehensive minutes.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: send example FETA <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym> files to list, to show an example of what kind of metadata is in them.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: to dig out <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> Word + OBOE plugin/tool.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Steve, Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [4515-5298] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-16" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-16">Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 16 2009</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-07" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-07">Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 07 2009</a> 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [5299-] -->