


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Tuesday 14th October 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-95] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits, Carole 
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Thomas, Hamish
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-187] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [188-222] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [223-253] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioMoby web services</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annual Report (Carole)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [254-421] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: circulate myExp draft T&amp;C&#039;s and privacy policy.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck (with devs): put together feature list for pilot, for end users.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric &amp; Thomas: set up pilot.biocatalogue.org and deploy the current work on the pilot. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [422-762] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits spoke to Dave about myExperiment privacy policy. Though one has been written it has not been in use so could not be circulated. The EBI <a href="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Information/termsofuse.html" class="urlextern" title="http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Information/termsofuse.html"  rel="nofollow">terms of use</a> are available as a basis for writing the BioCatalogue terms of use</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On progress on pilot development</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> functionality available for user registration and management</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> on-going work on service submission and management, with emphasis on soap services</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> event logging plugin being done for my experiment that will be used for BioCatalogue as well</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On release strategy for the pilot</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> soft and silent release at the end of October to a small community</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> open beta release at the end of November( beginning of December)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> organize user experience/show and tell activities during November to feed into beta release for December</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> use press release, blogs(Duncan) and possibly bbsrc announcement as publicity channels</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [763-1742] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas : Create a public space on BioCatalogue wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric, Jits, Thomas, Franck : Establish the list of features for the pilot and road map for future development</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Thomas : Configure the mailer on the BioCatalogue beta site</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Eric  : Investigate Biomoby script from Eddie</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Carole : Complete Annual Report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Robert : Organize the advisory board meeting. Could be at EBI or Manchester and would be desirable for the whole team to be there.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1743-2267] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2268-2299] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2300-2317] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-07" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-07">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 7 2008</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-28" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-28">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 28 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2318-] -->