
<p>
Date: Wednesday 03rd February 2010
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08444737630
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits, Manni
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [103-187] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [188-211] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [212-234] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telecom [SAB]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress report</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Paper progress </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service execution</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Publicity/outreach </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [235-542] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Actions from SAB meeting</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (Jits) To send to Mark detailed information on the APIs</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) Ensure that focus is placed on web2.0 aspects to demonstrate the utility of the service it provides. The APIs are keys elements to achieve that. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (SAB) To point to ontologies that can be used to provide richer annotation of services. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (Jits) To request data dump on service links in BioMoby in appropriate format. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) Revisit the Platinum, Gold, silver, bronze annotation model</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) To discuss with seekda team the minimum annotation required for services </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) revisit MIAWS (Minimum Information About Web Service)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) Talk to seekda about better integration between the BioCatalogue and seekda registry. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (Franck &amp; Jonathan) BioCatalogue questionnaire to address who the BioCatalogue users are (Biologists, computer scientists, Bioinformaticians, etc)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) Promote features like the APIs and the service testing harness and monitoring as advantages to registering services. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (All) Continue to promote BioCatalogue as the one stop shop for bio web service </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>Actions last meeting</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility of exploring a REST modeling paper </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Biological services to describe in different model: WSMO, SWASDL, FU, </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Literature review for task mining</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Eric: Create a developer section on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: 5 key elements to bring in the community for annotation</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [543-2017] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>1. Need a content campaign - GUIDELINES.</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Make annotation guideline more visible through the website </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need a developer section on the wiki </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide WS annotation guidelines for service developers to encourage them to add annotations to WSDL. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible BioCatalogue day at the EBI </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>2. Involvement of EMBL-EBI - OTT &amp; Developers.</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI advertises the catalogue at most of event they attend so does Manchester  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Encourage service provider to link back to the BioCatalogue from their website</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ECCB submission deadline is for April</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>3. development of some simple curation protocols using simple tools (ties with 1).</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to revisit the roadmap after the next updates (2-3 weeks)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Curation wizard and spreadsheet to be added to the roadmap </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong>4-On-going work:</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> a. EMBRACE catalogue fully absorbed</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> b. monitoring and profiling stuff in place to show added value</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> c. <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym></div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
⇒About 2-3 weeks to go to complete all this work 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [2018-3014] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole to send Rodrigo NAR papers reviewers  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric/Franck make sure the annotation best practice is more visible on the site.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck to ask service provider to link back to the catalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits to send initial draft</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [3015-3272] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3273-3306] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

JIRA will be used for bug tracking 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3307-3360] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-01-25" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-01-25">Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 25 2010</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-02-18" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-02-18">Phone Conference Meeting on Feb 18 2010</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3361-] -->