


<h3><a name="v1.1.0_release_sep_2011" id="v1.1.0_release_sep_2011">v1.1.0 Release (Sep 2011)</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

This will be a major release with some new features and major improvements.
</p>

<p>
This will include:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New “examples” tab for services. Surfaces all existing example data and scripts for a service, and provides simple abilities to add examples.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Richer annotation values support. This will improve semantic annotation capabilities and improve performance in certain areas (like generating tag filters in the Taverna plugin).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Support for custom monitoring of REST services - maintainer of the service can provide a custom <acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym> to monitor (which can include secret info like an <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> key).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (possibly) Secure web pages - site will run with <acronym title="Secure Sockets Layer">SSL</acronym> turned on for all pages.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Users can now see the list of people who have been granted responsibility for a service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Some UI and performance tweaks.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>


<div class="box_important">
<b>IMPORTANT:</b> this releases includes a major change in the way annotations work and thus requires a big data migration of all the Annotations data. When running "rake db:migrate" this could take over 3 hours to complete, and it's important to check the output of this to make sure everything ran OK.
</div>

</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="update_instructions_for_local_and_manchester_servers" id="update_instructions_for_local_and_manchester_servers">Update instructions (for local and Manchester servers):</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

<strong>NOTE:</strong> when running in production environments make sure to set/add <code>RAILS_ENV=production</code> to any ruby/rake commands below.
</p>

<p>
Run:

</p>
<pre class="code">svn update
rake db:migrate
rake db:test:prepare RAILS_ENV=test
ruby script/biocatalogue/migrate_display_names_jul11.rb
  Expected output (something like):
  &gt; 1184 display names moved to the parent Service
  &gt; 0 display_name annotations remaining in the db
ruby script/biocatalogue/fix_url_monitors_using_annotations_sep11.rb
  Expected output (something like):
  &gt; 43 URL monitors updated</pre>

<p>

You <strong>may</strong> need to reindex your search index if you experience problems - <code>rake solr solr:reindex</code>, but note that it will take a long time to run.
</p>

<p>
Additionally, for production environments:

</p>
<pre class="code">rake asset:packager:build_all RAILS_ENV=production</pre>

<p>

To restart an app deployed under apache and phusion passenger:

</p>
<pre class="code">touch tmp/restart.txt</pre>

</div>

<h4><a name="update_instructions_for_ebi_servers" id="update_instructions_for_ebi_servers">Update instructions (for EBI servers):</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

First, follow instructions here:
<a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/docs/installing-new-release" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/docs/installing-new-release"  rel="nofollow">http://www.biocatalogue.org/docs/installing-new-release</a>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Note</strong>: it&#039;s <strong>CRUCIAL</strong> that the full output of the update script is viewed to ensure the migration went ahead smoothly.
</p>

<p>
Then run the following (in the directory where the code is deployed):

</p>
<pre class="code">ruby script/biocatalogue/migrate_display_names_jul11.rb
ruby script/biocatalogue/fix_url_monitors_using_annotations_sep11.rb
rake asset:packager:build_all RAILS_ENV=production
touch tmp/restart.txt</pre>

</div>

<h4><a name="testing" id="testing">Testing</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run the Rails tests:</div>
</li>
</ol>
<pre class="code">rake test:units RAILS_ENV=test
rake test:functionals RAILS_ENV=test
rake test:integration RAILS_ENV=test</pre>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:api_tests" class="wikilink2" title="development:api_tests" rel="nofollow">API tests</a></div>
</li>
</ol>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use the <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=development:system_testing" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/wiki/doku.php?id=development:system_testing"  rel="nofollow">DRAMA</a> procedure to test the system</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
