
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="the_biocatalogue_partners_friends">The BioCatalogue Partners &amp; Friends</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The following projects and consortia are actively collaborating with the BioCatalogue project:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>EU EMBRACE</strong> network: The main objective of the EMBRACE Network of Excellence project is to integrate major databases and software tools in bioinformatics using existing integrating technologies and methods, and grid services (<a href="http://www.embracegrid.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.embracegrid.org"  rel="nofollow">http://www.embracegrid.org</a>). The deliverables of this project include a services registry (<a href="http://www.embraceregistry.net" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.embraceregistry.net"  rel="nofollow">http://www.embraceregistry.net</a>), which is aimed at helping users locate services and tools developed by the partners. The BioCatalogue and the EMBRACE registry will merge. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myExperiment</strong> (<a href="http://www.myexperiment.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.myexperiment.org"  rel="nofollow">http://www.myexperiment.org</a>) is a popular, JISC-funded, Virtual Research Environment focusing on scientific social networking, social content-sourcing and social curation for scientific workflows and other, increasingly, scientific protocols. The project is a joint venture between the Universities of Manchester (Carole Goble) and Southampton (David De Roure). myExperiment is the inspiration behind the social networking and community curation/crowd-sourcing aspects of BioCatalogue. Jiten Bhagat was a core developer on myExperiment. Both projects use the same programming environment (Ruby on Rails). The two projects are coupled; not only sharing know-how, code and architectural designs but also coupling the two resources. myExperiment will provide an alternative view of the catalogue as a service tab in its own interface, source service information from the BioCatalogue and will provide data on service co-use patterns, usage and other operational and social standing metrics through its monitoring and analysis of workflows that use the services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>OMII-UK</strong> (<a href="http://www.omii.ac.uk" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.omii.ac.uk"  rel="nofollow">http://www.omii.ac.uk</a>) and <strong>SIGENAE</strong> (<a href="http://www.sigenae.org/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.sigenae.org/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.sigenae.org/</a>) have produced service monitoring software that reports on the operation of services and/or changes to the services behaviour and interfaces. In phase two we will incorporate third party reports and aggregate feeds for operational metrics (down times, reliability, quality of service etc).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myGrid</strong> (<a href="http://www.mygrid.org.uk" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.mygrid.org.uk"  rel="nofollow">http://www.mygrid.org.uk</a>) is the umbrella project for the development of the Taverna Workflow Workbench. BioCatalogue will be integrated into the Taverna workbench in place of the current Feta discovery component.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioMOBY Central</strong> (<a href="http://biomoby.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://biomoby.org"  rel="nofollow">http://biomoby.org</a>) is a registry of BioMOBY services that we will cross link to. We are participating in the BioMOBY service annotation jamboree (November 2008), which has already provided a useful source of requirements for the curator workbench. <em>Mark Wilkinson, Director of BioMOBY, serves on our SAB</em>. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>EU BioSapiens network</strong>: (<a href="http://www.biosapiens.info" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biosapiens.info"  rel="nofollow">http://www.biosapiens.info</a>). The main objective of the BioSapiens Network of Excellence is to provide a large scale, concerted effort to annotate genomic data in laboratories distributed throughout Europe. Most of the services developed under this mandate consist of DAS (Distributed Annotation System) servers, very similar in implementation to traditional SOAP and REST Web services. These services are typically used to exchange biological annotations and are available via a central repository server. As some of these services are available via SOAP/REST interfaces, BioCatalogue is aiming at harvesting these in addition to exploring methodologies for making DAS server functionality generally available to the user community. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>NBIC</strong> (<a href="http://www.nbic.nl/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.nbic.nl/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.nbic.nl/</a>) initiates and coordinates research, education and support activities to stimulate the development of the field of bioinformatics in the Netherlands. NBIC members are playing a major role as users for BioCatalogue. <em>Prof dr van Kampen, Director, sits on our SAB</em>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>SeekDa</strong> (<a href="http://www.seekda.com" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.seekda.com"  rel="nofollow">http://www.seekda.com</a>) provides a web service search engine whose mission is to facilitate discovery and on-demand use of services over the Web. The services accessible through SeekDa site are publicly available web services. SeekDa have verbally agreed to enable BioCatalogue to source services from their site via an <abbr title="Application Programming Interface">API</abbr>. <em>Dr Lausen, CTO of SeekDa, sits on our SAB</em>. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>International Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology in Warsaw</strong>. We have collaborated with Jerzy Orlowski and Janusz M. Bujnicki from the Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Protein Engineering, Warsaw, Poland.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>EMORY University</strong> (<a href="http://www.emory.edu/home/index.html" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.emory.edu/home/index.html"  rel="nofollow">http://www.emory.edu/home/index.html</a>) is using and further developing the BioCatalogue software as part of the <a href="http://www.pesc.org/interior.php?page_id=204" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.pesc.org/interior.php?page_id=204"  rel="nofollow">EdUnify</a> <a href="https://wiki.service.emory.edu/display/edunity/PESC+EdUnify+Task+Force" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://wiki.service.emory.edu/display/edunity/PESC+EdUnify+Task+Force"  rel="nofollow">project</a> (registry: <a href="https://www.edunify.pesc.org/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="https://www.edunify.pesc.org/"  rel="nofollow">https://www.edunify.pesc.org/</a>) and have also written an iPhone app.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>The National Cancer Research Institute (NCRI)</strong> (<a href="http://www.ncri.org.uk/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ncri.org.uk/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.ncri.org.uk/</a>) have worked with us to add the BioCatalogue as <a href="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal/#S103a" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal/#S103a"  rel="nofollow">one of the searchable resources</a> in the <a href="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.ncri-onix.org.uk/portal"  rel="nofollow">ONIX portal</a>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><a href="http://www.mcs.anl.gov/~wtan/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.mcs.anl.gov/~wtan/"  rel="nofollow">Wei Tan</a></strong> and <strong><a href="http://faculty.cs.niu.edu/~zhang/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://faculty.cs.niu.edu/~zhang/"  rel="nofollow">Jia Zhang</a></strong> have produced a number of award winning publications referencing the BioCatalogue and are in collaboration with us. See the <a href="/wiki/public:publication_list" class="wikilink1" title="public:publication_list">publications page</a> for more info.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioGPS</strong> (<a href="http://biogps.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://biogps.org"  rel="nofollow">http://biogps.org</a>). We have some ongoing collaborations with the BioGPS with some exciting ideas for integration. Watch this space!</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><a href="http://www.merc.ac.uk/?q=Rob" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.merc.ac.uk/?q=Rob"  rel="nofollow">Rob Procter</a></strong> from the Manchester eResearch Centre.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><a href="/wiki/public:fix_this_link" class="wikilink2" title="public:fix_this_link" rel="nofollow">Jonathon Foster</a></strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
