


<h1><a name="telcon_meeting_on_june_03_2008" id="telcon_meeting_on_june_03_2008">Telcon Meeting on June 03, 2008</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Telcon Meeting on June 03, 2008" [1-47] -->
<h3><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [48-64] -->
<h3><a name="attendees" id="attendees">Attendees</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Manchester - Franck, Katy, Jits</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI - Thomas, Hamish, Eric </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attendees" [65-153] -->
<h3><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Manchester - Carole</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI - Rodrigo</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [154-216] -->
<h3><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [217-246] -->
<h3><a name="discussions" id="discussions">Discussions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="actions_items_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_items_from_previous_meeting">Actions Items from Previous Meeting</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  EBI - Register domain name “biocatalogue.org” and contact the Korean institute about “biocatalog.org”  Not  sure if Rodrigo contacted the Korean</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Hamish/Thomas - Join the myexperiment skype chats Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Franck - Produce matrix of service types against bioinformatics domain coverage and properties, to generate a representative set of services to pilot with. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Everybody - Dump all possible attributes/information that could be collected about services on to the mailing list in order to help Eric/Franck enhance the proposed curation model. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jiten/Eric/Thomas - Setup a myExperiment environment at EBI and walk through myExperiment codebase. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Everyone - Decide the exact date of the next telecom meeting; preferably week starting the 26/05. next meeting on Tuesday 10/06</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Franck - select representative KEGG services to use. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Franck - send out definition of “semantic type” to mailing list for further discussion and refinement. Done, definition is in the model</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Franck - work on the metatada levels for bronze/silver/gold/platinum compliance. Done, model is on the wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="round_table" id="round_table">Round Table</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: worked on the platinum annotation model from which they&#039;ve derived the bronze, silver and gold.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
These models are on the wiki. Selected a number of broadly used bioinformatics web services.
will now describe selected services using the model.

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: help Thomas and Eric to set up myexperiment code base at EBI. will meet Thomas and Eric to discuss the code base</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Katy: Attending a Web service metadata meeting in Australia, the report of the meeting is on the list and the wiki.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
discuss the annotation model with Franck

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: worked on the annotation model, Familiarising himself with myExperiment code base. Joined myExperiment 5pm chat.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Will look at the back end database.

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: Set up a private myExperiment code base at EBI. Joined myExperiment 5pm chat.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hamish: Encouraging service providers to describe their services.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discussions" [247-2349] -->
<h3><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everybody: read the services matrix and check out the annotations models</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: post on the list example of stories</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: start advertising biocatalogue on the new domain</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [2350-2560] -->
<h3><a name="others" id="others">Others</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We all agree to have at this stage weekly meeting. The next one is next Tuesday 3-5pm</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everybody should start writing &#039;stories&#039; about what they do</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: looking for example of services with security/licensing/restrictions issues to use as example.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue back end: Ruby on Rails or Java? Jits said Java would be better.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Others" [2561-] -->