


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-39] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Manchester: Carole, Franck, Jits, Khalid, Wang
</p>

<p>
EBI: Hamish, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [40-131] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas (holiday until Thursday)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric (sick)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Katy( at University research day)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [132-244] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck 
 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [245-275] -->
<h2><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Agree on what to show at ISMB</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Khalid&#039;s work on workflow and web services - can be useful for biocatalogue </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Using Open Search for the biocatalogue <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> - short term or longer term?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dates for the face 2 face meeting at EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue position paper for 2008 Microsoft eScience Workshop - deadline </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Khalid&#039;s work on workflow and web services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [276-660] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole → Resend paper to mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric → Send db schema to mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Thoman → Investigate Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition for BioCatalogue pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Jiten/Thomas → Come up with a technical road map for the BioCatalogue project</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Rodrigo → Provide access to the EBI ticketing system to BioCatalogue team in Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Thomas → Setup BioCatalogue wiki and circulate link on the mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Rodrigo &amp; Thomas → Provide content for the BioCatalogue home page</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [661-1226] -->
<h2><a name="round-table" id="round-table">Round-table</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Round-table" [1227-1251] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Carole, Katy, Jits, Thomas, Hamish &amp; Rodrigo going to ISMB meeting (20-23 July)
</p>

<p>
Carole and Katy doing paper for the project kick-off meeting for our sysmo-db project
</p>

<p>
Jits, will be at BOSC 18-19 July
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [1252-1485] -->
<h2><a name="any_other_business_aob" id="any_other_business_aob">Any Other Business (AOB)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Individual password for the new wiki- is that possible?  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> old wiki?</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

AOB
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Any Other Business (AOB)" [1486-1605] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1606-1625] -->
<h3><a name="agenda_item" id="agenda_item">Agenda item</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Agree on what to show at ISMB</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
We agreed that it isn&#039;t really a demo just a requirement gathering exercise. 
Franck will prepare of questionnaire of 10 questions maxi. It&#039;s not for distribution but 
will be used as a guideline when talking to people. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Using Open Search for the biocatalogue <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> - short term or longer term?</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
We&#039;ll use it for the pilot…General agreement

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dates for the face 2 face meeting at EBI</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Rodrigo to send the dates EBI team is available 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Biocatalogue position paper for 2008 Microsoft eScience Workshop - deadline </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Khalid will help the manchester team to write the paper. 

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Khalid&#039;s work on workflow and web services - can be useful for biocatalogue </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Khalid built a tool called “QASAR” which checks the quality of semantically annotated web services.  
He will send further documentation on the mailing list.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda item" [1626-2502] -->
<h3><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole - To speak to Steve petefer about the pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole/Rodrigo - Schedule an advisery meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo - To send dates EBI team is available for a Face 2 face meeting </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck - prepare a questionnaire for ISMB </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Khalid - To send more info about &#039;QASAR&#039; on the mailing list.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [2503-2820] -->
<h3><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
&#039;Packs&#039; have gone live in myExperiment !!!
They can be used to group together description, web services etc.
Might be useful in a service curation environment. 
</p>

<p>
NB: We didn&#039;t have time to run through all the action items in the agenda
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2821-3071] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_minutes" id="previous_next_minutes">Previous/Next Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:phonemeeting_24_06_2008%E2%80%89" class="wikilink2" title="meetings:phoneconf:phonemeeting_24_06_2008 " rel="nofollow">PhoneMeeting_24_06_2008 </a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-15" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-07-15">Phone Conference Meeting on Jul 15 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Minutes" [3072-] -->