


<h3><a name="user_types" id="user_types">User Types</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
From a service provider&#039;s perspective there are three broad categories of user, with lots of overlap and a forth type of usage which cuts across all usr types.
</p>

<p>
1. End User

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Each use of the service is effectively in isolation</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Access is via a user interface, most often via an <acronym title="HyperText Markup Language">HTML</acronym> form or an application <acronym title="Graphical User Interface">GUI</acronym>, although some use is command-line orientated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Domain knowledge is often high, but may not extend to the specifics of the service used.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Example:

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bench scientist with a sequence to analyse</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Database curator with an entry to annotate</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

2. Developer

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Producing applications/workflows which use one or more services</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Domain knowledge often low. This is counterbalanced by the use of domain experts in testing and feature requests.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service knowledge limited to that provided in the documentation</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service usage guidelines and examples are most useful to this group</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

3. Systematic User

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Automated bulk analysis in workflows and scripts</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> User responsible for these processes may not be the workflow designer or process developer so domain and service knowlege can be very varible.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service behavior important to this group specifically:</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
          o Reliability: is the service going to be there for the 1st job and the 1000st job?
</p>
<pre class="code">        o Stability: is the service going to be different tomorrow?
        o Consitancy: are the results I get today comparable with the results I got yesterday?
        o Updatedness: is this the current stable version of the software, is it using the current releases of the databases?
  * Service documentation:
        o Announcments: downtime, problems, new versions, etc.
        o Usage policies: what are the limitations on service usage (e.g. max number of parallel processes, max. number of submissions per day, etc.).</pre>

<p>

4. Teaching

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Demonstration/illustration of service usage</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Students perform one of the other roles above (end-user, developer and/or systematic user), however the class as a whole behaves more like a systematic user</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Service behavior important to this group specifically:</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
          o Reliability: is the service going to be available while teaching?
</p>
<pre class="code">        o Stability/consitancy: are the results I get today different from those the students will get tomorrow?
  * Service documentation:
        o Announcments: downtime, version changes, retirement
        o Couse guidelines: E.g. read the help, don&#039;t submit all at the same time, use suitable input data, search suitable databases, be considerate, etc. </pre>

</div>
