====== Meeting Agenda/Minutes ======


===== Attending =====
Manchester: Carole, Franck, Jits, Khalid, Wang

EBI: Hamish, Rodrigo

===== Apologies =====
  * Thomas (holiday until Thursday)
  * Eric (sick)
  * Katy( at University research day)

===== Minuting =====
Franck 
 
===== Agenda =====

  * Agree on what to show at ISMB
  * Khalid's work on workflow and web services - can be useful for biocatalogue 
  * Using Open Search for the biocatalogue API - short term or longer term?
  * Dates for the face 2 face meeting at EBI
  * Biocatalogue position paper for 2008 Microsoft eScience Workshop - deadline 
  * Khalid's work on workflow and web services

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

    * Carole -> Resend paper to mailing list
    * Eric -> Send db schema to mailing list
    * Eric/Thoman -> Investigate Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition for BioCatalogue pilot
    * Eric/Jiten/Thomas -> Come up with a technical road map for the BioCatalogue project
    * Rodrigo -> Provide access to the EBI ticketing system to BioCatalogue team in Manchester
    * Thomas -> Setup BioCatalogue wiki and circulate link on the mailing list
    * Rodrigo & Thomas -> Provide content for the BioCatalogue home page

===== Round-table =====

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 

Carole, Katy, Jits, Thomas, Hamish & Rodrigo going to ISMB meeting (20-23 July)

Carole and Katy doing paper for the project kick-off meeting for our sysmo-db project

Jits, will be at BOSC 18-19 July

===== Any Other Business (AOB) =====

  * Individual password for the new wiki- is that possible?  
  * old wiki?

AOB

===== Minutes =====
==== Agenda item ====
  * Agree on what to show at ISMB
We agreed that it isn't really a demo just a requirement gathering exercise. 
Franck will prepare of questionnaire of 10 questions maxi. It's not for distribution but 
will be used as a guideline when talking to people. 

  * Using Open Search for the biocatalogue API - short term or longer term?
We'll use it for the pilot...General agreement

  * Dates for the face 2 face meeting at EBI
Rodrigo to send the dates EBI team is available 

  * Biocatalogue position paper for 2008 Microsoft eScience Workshop - deadline 
Khalid will help the manchester team to write the paper. 

  * Khalid's work on workflow and web services - can be useful for biocatalogue 
Khalid built a tool called "QASAR" which checks the quality of semantically annotated web services.  
He will send further documentation on the mailing list.

==== New actions ====
  * Carole - To speak to Steve petefer about the pilot
  * Carole/Rodrigo - Schedule an advisery meeting
  * Rodrigo - To send dates EBI team is available for a Face 2 face meeting 
  * Franck - prepare a questionnaire for ISMB 
  * Khalid - To send more info about 'QASAR' on the mailing list.

==== AOB ====
'Packs' have gone live in myExperiment !!!
They can be used to group together description, web services etc.
Might be useful in a service curation environment. 

NB: We didn't have time to run through all the action items in the agenda

===== Previous/Next Minutes =====


Previous meeting: [[PhoneMeeting_24_06_2008â€‰]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-07-15|Phone Conference Meeting on Jul 15 2008]]