Date: Tuesday 16th Dec 2008

Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:**

**EBI:**

===== Apologies =====

===== Minuting =====

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon

  * Progress with the pilot

  * New requirements timeline and planning

  * Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki

  * AOB

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model).
  * Thomas: investigate 'home' link on the public wiki.
  * Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki.
  * Eric: list the features of the current pilot (including annotations stuff), so that they can be used in a email announcing the private beta to the friends list.
  * Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.
  * Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.
  * Thomas: possibly change the "Wiki" link on the main website and beta site to something more descriptive like "More info about the project". Also add this to the "About us" page.

====== Minutes ======

===== New Actions =====

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 

===== AOB =====
 
===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-12-09|Phone Conference Meeting on Dec 09 2008]] 

Next meeting: