====== Meeting Agenda/Minutes ======

Date: Tuesday 30th September 2008

Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:** Franck, Carole, Jits, Mike, Paolo

**EBI:** Eric, Thomas

===== Apologies =====
Katy, Hamish, Rodrigo 

===== Minuting =====
Franck

====== Agenda ======

  * Action from the last telcon.

  * Report from Eric's last visit.

  * Progress with the pilot - are we rolling? What is plan B?

  * Wish list for after the pilot (discuss):
        * Plugins for myexperiment.
        * Service testing.
        * Integration with Taverna.

  * AOB.


===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Jits: setup a developer design meeting. **Completed**
  * Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment **Ongoing**
  * Everyone: read EBI privacy policy. **Ongoing**
  * Jits/Thomas: discuss UI coordination. ** Completed**
  * Eric/Jits: Agree on a date for Eric's visit in Manchester. **Completed**
  * Thomas : Add the questionnaire to the website. It was decided to drop this action as the pilot is weeks away. **To Be removed**
 
====== Minutes ======
 === Report from Eric's last visit ===
 Investigated the Taverna WSDL parser for complex type services but did not find it useful for the pilot. 
 It was decided that we'll handle complex type service latter on after the pilot. 
 Eric/Franck/Jits also discussed the handling of services instances. 
 For SOAP services, Service instance will be based on the WSDL location; each instance can have several versions. 
 Annotations of a service instance can apply to multiple version. 
 Eric and Jits did some coding. 
 
 === Progress with the pilot: are we rolling? What is plan B? ===

 No plan B! We've go to deliver the pilot. At worse delay it. 
Eric working on the submission piece. Jits looking at updating data model, based on latest disucssions, and looking at service mapping and generation of unique service code which could
be used by myExperiment or Taverna to refer to a specific service in the catalogue. 
 Thomas has completed the logging mechanism which required user name and password. He added few changes to the UI. 

 Support for annotation being very essential for the pilot, Jits will take more time on doing that than the integration to myExperiment. The latter can be scheduled after the pilot.

 It will be politically incorrect not to support BioMoby services. We don't have to have the ontology at this stage but they may be a possibility to just get all their services and treat the ontology terms as tags. We can find out if Eddy can help. 

===  Evaluation strategy for the pilot ===

  * Mark Wilkinson will be in Manchester so will test it as a provider 
  * We'll advertise or demo the pilot at the Semantic web service in November 
  * Show and tell at the EBI
  * Show and tell in Manchester
  * Testing by our PALS and friends.

**Continued on: [[Development:eval_strategy_pilot|Evaluation strategy for the pilot]]**

 === Wish list for after the pilot ===
 
We need a clear roadmap after the pilot to tell people what to expect next.
Some element for the roadmap: 
              * workflow monitor
              * usage metrics collection 
              * notifications
              * BioMoby support 
              * Other service type support (Rest...)
              * Similarity search mechanism
              * Amazon like search mechanism
              * Semantic annotation and search mechanism
**Continued on: [[Development:Roadmap|RoadMap ]]**

Paolo was more interested in the semantic annotation side of the catalogue. He wanted to know if BioCatalogue will 
support SAWSDL services. Carole suggested that it should be possible to query the catalogue with a SAWSDL interface. 
  

===== New Actions =====
  
 * Gather the Must Could Should Won't requirements (Done: [[Development: Requirements for Pilot]])

  

===== Next Meeting =====

Tues 07/10/2008

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 

===== AOB =====
 

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-09-19|Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 09 2008]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-10-07|Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 7 2008]]