====== Meeting Agenda/Minutes ======

Date: Friday 19th September 2008

Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:** 

**EBI:** 

===== Apologies =====
  
Katy, Carole 

===== Minuting =====

===== Agenda =====

  * Action Items from previous meeting
  
  * Developement of the pilot 
 
  * Discussion: Beanshell repository in BioCatalogue 

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Action Jits : Add welcome message to the BioCatalogue friends list which is email upon subscription
  * Action Thomas : Add the questionnaire to the website
  * Action EBI/Manchester : Update the wiki with the expectations for F2F at EBI
  * Action EBI/Manchester : Use the wiki and mailing list to agree on the MUSTS for the BioCatalogue requirements
 
===== Minutes =====
  
===== New Actions =====
 
===== Next Meeting =====

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 
  
===== AOB =====

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-08-08|Phone Conference Meeting on Aug 08 2008]]

Next meeting: 