====== Meeting Agenda/Minutes ======

Date: Tuesday 04th Nov 2008

Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:**  
Jits, Franck, Katy and constantinos

**EBI:** 
Eric, Thomas and Rodrigo

===== Apologies =====
 Carole, Hamish

===== Minuting =====
Katy
====== Agenda ======

  * Action from the last telcon.

  * Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?

  * BioCatalogue public wiki

  * AOB.

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - ongoing
  * Rodrigo: add content to the public wiki - sent content for Jits and Franck to upload

====== Minutes ======

Jits raised the issue from the myGrid meeting of Biocatalogue being a closed project and people were starting to offer to add code and want to get involved (e.g. Egon from Bioclipse). Also, the Biocatalogue list is too quiet, so people don't know what is happening or expected to happen soon. 
It was suggested that code contributions happen after the pilot and all effort is focused on the pilot for now, but we should disseminate more information on the friends list to keep people interested.
Action on Franck to mail the friends list with features for the pilot and when it will be available, along with a roadmap for after the pilot.

Franck raised the issue with the Embrace registry. On their website they acknowledge Biocatalogue and say their registry will be consumed by it, but on the Biocatalogue site, we don't mention Embrace. We should add something about their registry and our collaboration/co-operation on this. 
Marco suggested encouraging people to submit to the Embrace registry for now, but Rodrigo says it is only for partners in Embrace and Biosapiens. There is an issue with the Biosapiens services though - some are DAS and Biocatalogue does not yet support DAS. We need to discuss this further after the pilot.

__Pilot Progress__

Soap aervice submission is finished

Jits working on event logging and on the discovery piece and service indexing

Eric working on WSDL parsing - he still needs to deal with complex types

Eric suggested a period of code consolidation towards the end of the week before a possible private release on Friday/Monday.

Rodrigo commented that we need to have something to show to external people by the end of November to show to Embrace/Enfin and Biosapiens. Rodrigo also commented that we need to be clear about the scope of the pilot and what will/will not be in there. 

__Upcoming meetings__

Syngenta 12 November - Franck to describe and possibly demo Biocatalogue. If the pilot is not ready, he will show screenshots

SWATLS - 28 Nov Jits, Eric and Carole to attend and Franck only there and back in 1 day. Action on Jits to find out from Carole if there is a Biocatalogue meeting on 27th in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark Wilkinson

===== New Actions =====
  * Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - incorporate commments from Sergejs (and others, if any).
  * Jits and Franck: add content to the Biocatalogue wiki
  * Franck: mail the friends list with features for the pilot and when it will be available, along with a roadmap for after the pilot.
  * Jits: Ask Carole what is happening on the 27th November - is there a Biocatalogue meeting in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark W

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
http://www.swat4ls.org/
===== AOB =====
 
===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting:[[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-10-28|Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 28 2008]] 

Next meeting:[[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-11-04|Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 04 2008]]