Date: Tuesday 18th Nov 2008

Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:**  Franck, Jits 

**EBI:** Thomas

===== Apologies =====
Carole, Rodrigo, Eric, Hamish

===== Minuting =====
Franck

====== Agenda ======

  * Action from the last telcon.

  * Progress with the pilot - are we rolling?

  * BioCatalogue public wiki
  
  * Meeting in Edinburgh - to clarify 

  * Next BioCatalogue F2F

  * AOB.

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Eric: read EBI privacy policy and make sure we have a version appropriate for BioCatalogue - incorporate commments from Sergejs (and others, if any). **completed**
  
  * Jits: Ask Carole what is happening on the 27th November - is there a Biocatalogue meeting in Edinburgh to meet up with Mark W **Completed**
  * Action Thomas :  link the public wiki from the main biocatalogue.org site **completed**
  * Action Eric : read through wiki content and send comments to Frank/Jiten **completed**
  * Action Eric and Thomas : join the meeting with Steve from Embrace on Wednesday, Nov 19th  **completed**
  * Action Eric, Jiten, Thomas : Release the internal pilot with release notes **Ongoing**
  * Action Jiten, Franck : Prioritize the roadmap items and add time estimates**completed**
  * Action Franck : email the list of possible dates for the project F2F so that people can indicate their availability: **completed**
  * Action Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model)**Ongoing**
  * Action Everyone : Read the SA-REST proposal and comment on how we can participate **completed**
  

====== Minutes ======
 
  * Progress with the pilot:
Beta version of the pilot released for testing. Only for SOAP service submission

  * Next BioCatalogue F2F
   04/12/08 at EBI

  * Meeting in Edinburgh 
27/11/08 at NeSC

===== New Actions =====
 
  * Jits: add number of service in the catalogue to the index page
  * Jits: add Franck to support list 
  * Thomas: investigate 'home' link on the public wiki
  * Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki





===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 
Semantic Web Applications and Tools for Life Sciences - 28/11/08
http://www.swat4ls.org/

===== AOB =====
 
===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting:[[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-11-11|Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 11 2008]] 

Next meeting:[[Meetings:PhoneConf:2008-11-25|Phone Conference Meeting on Nov 25 2008]] 