Date: Tuesday 27th Jan 2008

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503010

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:** Franck, Jits, Carole

**EBI:** Thomas, Eric, Rodrigo



===== Apologies =====



===== Minuting =====



====== Agenda ======

   * Hackathon summary

   * Actions from the last telcon 

  * Progress with the pilot 

  * Progress of [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] (to clarify user requirements)

  * Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki and announcement to friends list

  * AOB

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model).
  * Thomas: investigate 'home' link on the public wiki.
  * Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki.
  * Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.
  * Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.
  * Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki 
  * Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services

  * Action David/Carole/Steve : Review the wiki pages intended for general public. It is important to free the public wiki of internal terminology
  * Action Franck : Put up a service classification draft on the wiki
  * Action Jits/Thomas/Eric/Franck : Prepare for the hackathon in Manchester. 

====== Minutes ======
Minutes from the hackathon: [[Meetings:F2F Jan 09|F2F Hackathon 21-22-23 January @ Manchester]] \\
Other item we discuss during the meeting: 
  * Test scripts need to go through a validation process 
  * Policy Identification needed in relation: 
    * taking down service
    * curation best practices
    * tagging best practices
    * annotation best practices
  * Annotation
    * how mutable should annotations be? Allow user to make changes to their own annotations. Avoid over engineering the functionality
    * delegation of privileges to other users to make changes to services(annotations) owned by the delegator
    * most important thing is to keep the annotations up to date, that is what most users care about
  * 20 Questions
    * questions on statistics in the system, how many...
    * questions on metrics, status
    * question relations
    * questions on editing and maintaining (house keeping) entries in the catalogue
  * Advisory board meeting in March @ Manchester

===== New Actions =====

===== Upcoming Meetings ===== 
 


===== AOB =====

  * There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February
  * There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole
  * Jit doing a presentation on BioCatalogue on the 29th  
 
===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-01-20|Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 20 2009]] 

Next meeting:  [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-02-03|Phone Conference Meeting on Feb 03 2009]]
