Date: Monday 18th May 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503011
===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:**  Jits, Franck, Steve


**EBI:** Eric, Thomas, Rodrigo




===== Apologies =====


Carole

===== Minuting =====

Franck

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Update on EMBRACE work, post AGM - SRP
  * Hackathon summary 
  * Annotation model document
  * Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?
    * Report back from silent public release 
  * Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment. **completed**
  * Franck & Eric : Produce elaborate document on the BioCatalogue data model - **ongoing** 
  * Franck: identify all the non-bio service form the seekDa import - **ongoing**

====== Minutes ======

  * Update on EMBRACE work, post AGM - SRP
The Embrace registry has achieved its goals so can now be merged to BioCatalogue. The project will be supported till summer  
  * Hackathon summary  
All went down well. Eric to look into the workflow monitor with Dan. BioCatalogue and myExperiment integration scheduled for August. 
  * Annotation model document
Still ongoing. there are some comments in the document to address. A new logial view of the model also needed 
  * Progress/developement of the beta - are we rolling?
Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.
Ebi agreed to have the tests script provided we take responsibility by manually checking and monitoring all the scripts.
 
===== New actions =====

  * Rodrigo: find out with Peter Rice what the Biosapien ontology. Anything we can learn from? 
  * Steve: Check if it is possible to come up with a classification from the Embrace registry tags

 



===== Upcoming Meetings =====  
ISMB launch strategy: before the conference we should announce that we are launching BioCatalogue at ISMB. \\
Ebi will target a number of list: EMBnet, bionet, admins, etc... \\
Manchester will also target list such myExperiment mailing list, Taverna list etc...\\
Item to take to the conference: leaflet, poster, sticker, t-shirt(if possible). 

===== AOB =====


===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-04-27|Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 27 2009]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-06-03|Phone Conference Meeting on June 06 2009]]