Date: Monday 08th June 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503011
===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:**  Jits, Franck, Steve


**EBI:** Eric


===== Apologies =====


Carole, Rodrigo, Thomas

===== Minuting =====


====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Embrace content acquisition 
  * Progress/developement of the beta
  * progress on service monitoring
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Franck and Jits to figure out how to use the annotations already existing to generate more useful search terms...**ongoing**
  * Eric report on the detailed results of load and throughput testings including peak and average cases...Eric did the test on the BioCatalogue test site...**completed** 
  * Jits and Franck and Steve: Import content of the Embrace registry...**ongoing** 
  * Franck - draft the demo...**ongoing**

 * progress on service monitoring
The monitoring piece is ready to be deployed on the beta site. Eric to create a simple list to record the history of monitored services. 
====== Minutes ======

==== Actions from the last telcon ====

  * Franck and Jits working on service categorization. Franck has produced a number of terms to use for that. Franck has updated the myGrid domain ontology. The new ontology will be used to generate pseudo synonyms which can then be used by the search engine (solar) to discover related services. Jits is looking into the last point. 
  * Eric did a load testing on the test site. The result shows that the catalogue can not handle over 4 requests per second. 
==== new release   ====
 
  * New update scheduled for Wednesday. We'll first do an update on the test site on Tuesday. 
  * Jits has updated the code base to Ruby on Rails 2.3

===== New actions =====
   * Eric: to ask Ebi system administrator to install 'MEM' cache on the beta site.  
   * Franck: Look at Embrace service category. 
   * Jits: to send instruction on how to use Money cache efficiently 

===== Upcoming Meetings =====  

ISMB 

===== AOB =====


===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-06-03|Phone Conference Meeting on June 03 2009]]

Next meeting: 