Date: Monday 7th Apr 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503010

===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** 

**EBI:**

===== Apologies =====


===== Minuting =====

?

====== Agenda ======

   * Actions from the last telcon
   * Should be have a BioCatalogue Google Calendar (like myGrid do) for people to put holidays, events and so on?
   * Post SAB
     * Are we happy with the minutes? 
     * Are there any other tasks missing that we need to consider?
   * Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   
   * Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?  
   * Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.

  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck: submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April.
  * Carole: to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy.
  * Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI â€“ ownership and diplomacy.
  * Franck: sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list.
  * Jits: create a mailing list for the SAB team.
  * Franck: sort out wording for policies/disclaimers/conditions and figure out a plan on where to put these on the site, and where users need to be notified of these.
  * Jits: make his notes from the SAB meeting (incl new tasks identified) available.
  * Rodrigo, Franck: update the [[meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09|SAB minutes]] and make them more comprehensive minutes.
  * Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.
  * Jits: send example FETA XML files to list, to show an example of what kind of metadata is in them.
  * Carole: to dig out MS Word + OBOE plugin/tool.
  * Steve, Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.

====== Minutes ======

===== Upcoming Meetings =====  
 
  * [[http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html|Biocuration]] meeting 16-19 april 

  * ISMB - we have a poster accepted 

===== AOB =====

Should we change the meeting date? 

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-03-30|Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 30 2009]]

Next meeting: