Date: Monday 21th September 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08444737630

Pin: 70503011
===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Franck, Jits


**EBI:** Eric, Thomas

===== Apologies =====
Carole, Rodrigo, Steve

===== Minuting =====

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Progress report 
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Carole, Rodrigo to submit an 'expression of interest' proposal to BBSRC ...**ongoing** 
  * Jits: CLA proposal based on the Taverna one. Can reuse the myExperiment ...**ongoing**
  * Eric: talk to Francois (the french team) about their service monitoring improvements...**ongoing**
  * ALL: add your Biocatalogue outreach on the wiki ...**ongoing**
 
===== Minutes ===== 

  * Franck: 4 BioCatalogue PALs so far awaiting few more people to join. 
  * Jits: working on the APIs and the annotation UI. 
  * Eric: Test script going well 




===== New actions =====


Franck: plan for focus group 

===== Upcoming Meetings =====  


===== AOB =====


===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-07-27|Phone Conference Meeting on July 27 2009]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-09-28|Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 28 2009]]