Date: Monday 6th Apr 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503010

===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** 
Carole, Jiten

**EBI:**
Eric, Franck, Thomas

===== Apologies =====
Rodrigo

===== Minuting =====

Eric

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Should we have a BioCatalogue Google Calendar (like myGrid do) for people to put holidays, events and so on?
  * Post SAB
    * Are we happy with the minutes? 
    * Are there any other tasks missing that we need to consider?
  * Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   
  * Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?  
  * Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.

  * What terms/ontologies should we use to seed tags?
    * First step is to use controlled control vocabulary terms
    * Possible of share of ontology sourcing work between my experiment/sysmo/
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck: submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April. [done]
  * Carole: to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy. [ on going]
  * Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI â€“ ownership and diplomacy. [on going]
  * Franck: sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list.[ done ]
  * Jits: create a mailing list for the SAB team. [done ]
  * Franck: sort out wording for policies/disclaimers/conditions and figure out a plan on where to put these on the site, and where users need to be notified of these.[action taken forward ]
  * Jits: make his notes from the SAB meeting (incl new tasks identified) available.
  * Rodrigo, Franck: update the [[meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09|SAB minutes]] and make them more comprehensive minutes.
  
  * Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.[ role over ]
  * Jits: send example FETA XML files to list, to show an example of what kind of metadata is in them.
  * Carole: to dig out MS Word + OBOE plugin/tool. [done]
  * Steve, Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.[ Eric talking to EBI systems to have test machine/ background processing for pinging to be done by Eric/ priorities monitoring API]

====== Minutes ======

  * BioCatalogue Google Calendar has been set up for people to put holidays, events and so on.
  * On Post SAB
    * Minutes are still to be formalized. Thomas to work with Franck to produce SAB minutes  
    * Are there any other tasks missing that we need to consider?
  * Carole is in contact with Rudy for collaboration with Microsoft 
  * Expected update of the BioCatalogue beta site has been moved to after easter
  * Eric is talking to EBI systems poeple on the possibilities of setting up a similar framework to the EMBRACE test environment at EBI. Further details expected after the easter break. There is need to reconsider the priorities of the monitoring API, both for the long term and in case concerns raised by EBI on the current EMBRACE registry monitoring approach are not met.

  * On terms/ontologies
    * First step is to use controlled control vocabulary terms
    * There is a possibility to share ontology sourcing work between myExperiment, BioCatalogue & Sysmo
  
===== Action Items =====

  * Thomas, Franck: update the [[meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09|SAB minutes]] and make them more comprehensive minutes.
  * Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.
  * Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.
    * Update on decision on the script running environment 
    * Investigate background processing for long running tasks 
    * Re-prioritize work on the API for service monitoring
  * Franck & Eric : Produce elaborate document on the BioCatalogue data model [ Annotation + Information ]
  * All : Decide on how to go forward with the ratings [ on whether we make that available to the public at this stage or not] 
  

===== Upcoming Meetings =====  
 
  * [[http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html|Biocuration]] meeting 16-19 april 

  * ISMB - we have a poster accepted 

===== AOB =====

Should we change the meeting date? 

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-03-30|Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 30 2009]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-04-20|Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 20 2009]]