Date: <del>Monday 06th July 2009</del> Wednesday 08th July 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503011
===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Jits, Franck, Carole


**EBI:** 
Rodrigo, Thomas, Eric


===== Apologies =====

===== Minuting =====

====== Agenda ======

**Well done everyone for the successful launch at ISMB !** 

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * feedback from ISMB 
  * Priorities after ISMB- what next? 
  * CLA and governance model for contributions from external entities (Jits)
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Eric report on the detailed results of load and throughput testings including peak and average cases


====== Minutes ======

=== feedback from ISMB ===
ISMB was a great success. The demo was well received. The poster was unofficially the best.\\
**General comments:** \\
People want to programmatically access the BioCatalogue => need of APIs \\
A lot of interest in hosting a stand alone catalogue for an organisation or company. \\ 
Rodrigo: Service providers seem to turn back to SOAP\\

 

==== work package priority ====

**Developement**
  - BioCatalogue API 
  - Consolidation activities: code consolidation
  - Admin task: service update, delete
  - service version support
  - Curation tools 
  
**Content and curation**
  - Embrace registry import
  - Soaplab better support
  - BioMoby better support
  - REST better support
  - DAS support
  - Service ownership and management  
  - Functional unit
  - SKOS integration 

**Monitoring** 
  - Ongoing load testing
  - Service testing and monitoring 
  
  






  
  



===== New actions =====
  * All: find a date for the next face 2 face in September (Sustainability plan of the BioCatalogue to be added to the agenda) 
  * Carole, Rodrigo to submit a proposal BioCatalogue related to BBSRC
  * Carole: send on the list the term classification she came across a healthgrid.
  * Jits: CLA proposal based on the Taverna one. Can reuse the myExperiment one.  
  * Thomas/Franck: look into how we can encourage services providers, users to submit their services. 
  * Eric: come up with a proposal for service testing
  * Eric: talk to Francois (the french team) about their service monitoring improvements.  
  * Franck: create a page on the wiki for outreach
  * Franck: Marketing of the catalogue (blogs, content curation, google feedâ€¦)









 


===== Upcoming Meetings =====  

[[http://www.cs.manchester.ac.uk/DILS09/|DILS 2009]]

===== AOB =====


===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-06-22|Phone Conference Meeting on June 22 2009]]

Next meeting: 