Date: Monday 15th June 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503011
===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Franck, Jits


**EBI:** Eric, Thomas, Rodrigo


===== Apologies =====

Carole, Steve
===== Minuting =====

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Progress/developement of the beta - feedback on the new beta release. 
  * progress on service monitoring
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Franck and Jits to figure out how to use the annotations already existing to generate more useful search terms...**Ongoing**: service category now in place. 
  * Eric report on the detailed results of load and throughput testings including peak and average cases...**ongoing** 
  * Jits and Franck and Steve: Import content of the Embrace registry... **ongoing** 
  * Franck - draft the demo. **ongoing**: poster done 
  * Eric: to ask EBI system administrator to install 'MEM' cache on the beta site... **completed**   
  * Franck: Look at Embrace service category... **completed** 
  * Jits: to send instruction on how to use Money cache efficiently... **ongoing**  

====== Minutes ======

Release on the beta on the main site is scheduled for Wed 24 

skype meeting on Tues 16 to allocate the tasks. 

===== New actions =====
 
===== Upcoming Meetings =====  

ISMB 

===== AOB =====


===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-06-08|Phone Conference Meeting on June 08 2009]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-06-15|Phone Conference Meeting on June 15 2009]]