Date: Monday 12th October 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08444737630

Pin: 70503011

===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Steve, Jits, Carole, Franck, George


**EBI:** Eric, Rodrigo

===== Apologies =====


===== Minuting =====

====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Progress report 
  * BBSRC report
  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on Rubyforge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 
  * Jits: CLA proposal based on the Taverna one. **ongoing** 
  * Eric: talk to Francois (the french team) about their service monitoring improvements. **ongoing** 
  * ALL: add your Biocatalogue outreach on the wiki. **ongoing** 
  * Franck: plan for focus group. **ongoing** 
  * Rodrigo: identify group at the EBI which could provide us with feedback about the BioCatalogue. **completed** 

===== Minutes ===== 

Steve highlighted the EDAM ontology from embrace. The BioCatalogue can use that. 
Jon from the EMBRACE group will be in Manchester for the BioCatalogue annotation jamboree. 

Eric: test script up and running. has some issues with library versions; which library to select for a specific language? Soaplab team will update their test script to work with the latest library. 

Jits: Enhanced search performance. Working on the API 

Franck: writing annotation best practice. Sent invitation for the BioCatalogue annotation jamboree. 

===== New actions =====

  * Franck: Send around who is doing what for the BBSRC report
  * Eric/Jits: to talk about script written by Jits for the Embrace import


===== Upcoming Meetings =====  


===== AOB =====

BioCatalogue annotation model meeting 14/10/09

BBSRC report due 01/11/09

The BioCatalogue annotation jamboree 29/11/09

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-09-28|Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 28 2009]]

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-10-19|Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 19 2009]]