Date: Tuesday 03rd Feb 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503010

===== Attending =====
**Manchester:** Franck, Jits

**EBI:** 
Eric, Thomas



===== Apologies =====
Rodrigo, Carole, Steve






====== Agenda ======

   * Actions from the last telcon 

  * Progress with the pilot 
    * Test infrastructure setup at EBI
    * Review of January tasks
    * Next steps following release to friends list
    * Code releases(tags)

  * Progress of [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] (to clarify user requirements)

  * AOB - meeting date to be moved ???
  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model). **completed** 
  * Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki. **ongoing**
  * Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.** completed**
  * Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki **ongoing**
  * Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services. **will use tag instead...action completed**
  * Action Franck : Put up a service classification draft on the wiki. **cancel**
  

====== Minutes ======
From now on we should announce on the friend list anytime we add new features or do update of the beta site. 
Also anything happening within the project should be announced on the friend list. 

we need to discuss with Rodrigo the test infrastructure setup at EBI. should we re-use EMBRACE infrastructures?

===== New Actions =====
Franck: start an FAQ on the wiki

===== Upcoming Meetings =====  
Meeting with Francois from INRA about service monitoring 12/02/09

===== AOB =====

  * There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February
  * There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole
 
===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-01-27|Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 27 2009]] 

Next meeting: