Date: Monday 30th Mar 2009

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08445805588

Pin: 70503010

===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Carole, Jits

**EBI:** Rodrigo, Thomas

===== Apologies =====

Franck, Eric, Steve

===== Minuting =====

Jits

====== Agenda ======

   * Actions from the last telcon
   * what next after the [[Meetings:Strategy Advisory Board Mar 09|SAB]]? 
   * Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   
   * Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling? 
   * Test infrastructure setup at EBI         

  * Technical meeting 
    * Summary of tasks on rubyForge 
    * BioCatalogue support review
    * [[development:20_questions|20 Questions]] analysis  

===== Actions from Previous Meeting ===== 

  * Franck: submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April... **UNKNOWN**
  * Carole: to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy... **ONGOING**
  * Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI â€“ ownership and diplomacy... **ONGOING**
  * Franck: Sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list... **UNKNOWN** 
  * Jits: Create a mailing list for the SAB team... **ONGOING**

====== Minutes ======

===== Previous Actions =====

Discussed the need to make proper and more comprehensive minutes for the SAB meeting. 

We need a set of recommendations post SAB meeting.

What were the key things from the SAB meeting?
  * Expectation management of users and making sure BioCatalogue does not endorse any metadata that is not professionally curated.
  * The need for better search clustering, browsing, and faceting is important, which requires more and better classification of services.
  * Keeping providers in the loop - continual feedback and providing them with the tools to keep on top of things.
  * Distinguish between subjective and objective opinions and make this VERY CLEAR to users.

NOTE: the above list is only speculative and the final outcomes of the SAB meeting will be confirmed once full minutes are produced.

Discussed what Carole needs to speak about at the BioIT meeting re policies:
  * Policy for takedown and responsibilities.
  * Disclaimers.

**Which brings the need for users to agree to these policies/disclaimers/conditions on signup.**

Discussed the BRO (Biological Resource Ontology?) from MIBBI. Rodrigo: would be useful to speak to them as the have a lot of experience.

We discussed sourcing from ontologies and how we need a much better biologically oriented model of annotations so that we can make discovery of services, especially focusing on inputs, easier and more useful.

Re: annotating inputs - the myGrid ontology has things in it that are important and can be used to start with.

**We need to focus our attentions on this data model and get it at a stable and more useful state!** (This is the conceptual data model rather than any implementation data model).

Observations about current data model and it's documentation:
  * We need a "clean" data model showing all possible annotations and on what structures of a service.
  * There are many missing pieces.
  * It needs to be biologically-driven - it has to cater for our target domain and target users and provide that added value that only comes from real domain knowledge.
  * We need a minimum information model + any constrained options for values (eg: annotation with attribute "sequence" can only take the following values "x", "y"....). This is very much about the Bronze/Silver/Gold/Platinum model, which needs to be **revisited** and continually evolved.
  * The documentation is not clear about the whole layered approach - ie: (i) service structures + (ii) generic annotation model + (iii) concrete annotations on the service structures. We need better documentation! Especially for (iii).

Rodrigo proposes that Franck goes down to the EBI for 3 days to work on data model with Eric/Rodrigo/Thomas/Hamish. **Unanimous agreement.**

Carole has emailed Rudi (MS BioIT guy). Drafting a letter - "memorandum of understanding". BioCatalogue isn't a legal entity - MoU with project or per institution? Rodrigo: would have to involve EMBLEM, which we don't want to do!

REST API and myExp integration are not of high priority - we need a richly populated + richly featured site first.

Should be move to mod_rails/Passenger? **Unanimous agreement.**


===== Upcoming Meetings =====
 
  * [[http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html|Biocuration]] meeting 16-19 april 

  * ISMB - we have a poster accepted 

===== AOB =====

Should we change the meeting date?

===== New Actions =====

  * Franck: sort out wording for policies/disclaimers/conditions and figure out a plan on where to put these on the site, and where users need to be notified of these.
  * Jits: make his notes from the SAB meeting (incl new tasks identified) available.
  * Rodrigo, Franck: update the [[meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09|SAB minutes]] and make them more comprehensive minutes.
  * Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.
  * Jits: send example FETA XML files to list, to show an example of what kind of metadata is in them.
  * Carole: to dig out MS Word + OBOE plugin/tool.
  * Steve, Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.

===== Previous/Next Meetings =====

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-03-16|Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 16 2009]] 

Next meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2009-04-07|Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 07 2009]] 