Date: Monday 19 July 2010

Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)

\\
Telcon No: 08444737630

Pin: 70503011

===== Attending ===== 

**Manchester:** Carole, Jits, Mannie, Franck

**EBI:** Eric, Rodrigo, Hamish 


===== Apologies =====



====== Agenda ======

  * Actions from the last telcon
  * Report from ISMB
  * Report from IEEE conference
  * Daily operations Report
  * Review of public wiki and public facing material
  * Review of Roadmap
  * Planning of next release 

   
===== Actions from Previous Meeting =====   

  * Jits, Eric: Contributors license for BioCatalogue...  **ongoing** 
  * Franck: Organise next SAB meeting. Possibly end of September 2010... **ongoing**  October might be a better date 


===== Upcoming Meetings =====  

===== Minutes =====

=== Report from ISMB ===

Demo and presentation went well. A lot of interest in the BioCatalogue. 
We should now focus on analysis of the content and a SPARQL endpoint for the BioCatalogue

=== Report from IEEE conference ===
Presentation of the Functional Unit went well, now need to focus on the implementation.

=== Daily operations Report ===
  * New members joining the BioCatalogue. 
  * Lots of dead INB services. 
  * the site was a bit slow but it's now fine 

=== Review of public wiki and public facing material ===
We need a new template for the wiki but because EBI is moving to drupal we might as well wait to avoid doing it twice. 

=== Sustainability of the BioCatalogue ===
  * Carole talking to Pistoia and PFIZER about the content curation 
  * BioCatalogue has been proposed as a ELIXIR node.
  * We might consider include BioCatalogue as part of the apache foundation

==== New actions ====
  * Jits to recycle Taverna CLA for BioCatalogue **ongoing ... we'll reuse the Taverna one. EBI is ok with that.** 
  * Rodrigo to check if there are any contributions license at the EBI we need to consider ... **ongoing**
  * Jits: send Emory contact details to Carole. **Done** 
  * Rodrigo to check if we can get some money from the EBI to organise next SAB f2f...**ongoing**
  * Franck: Take a look at INB services and archive the dead ones...**ongoing**
  * Rodrigo/Eric: Send EBI wiki template to Franck... **ongoing** 
  * Rodrigo to handle BioXsD-EDAM contact... ** ongoing**  
  * Mannie to send the bulk annotation via spreadsheet tool to Hamish for testing... **ongoing**
  * Eric/Rodrigo to talk to the sys admin team at the EBI about the BioCatalogue back-end... **ongoing**

========

Previous meeting: [[Meetings:PhoneConf:2010-06-28|Phone Conference Meeting on June 28 2010]]

Next meeting: