
<p>
Date: Monday 19 July 2010
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08444737630
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Carole, Jits, Mannie, Franck
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Rodrigo, Hamish 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [94-197] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [198-222] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report from ISMB</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Report from IEEE conference</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Daily operations Report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of public wiki and public facing material</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of Roadmap</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Planning of next release </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [223-468] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits, Eric: Contributors license for BioCatalogue…  <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Organise next SAB meeting. Possibly end of September 2010… <strong>ongoing</strong>  October might be a better date </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [469-705] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [706-738] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>

<h4><a name="report_from_ismb" id="report_from_ismb">Report from ISMB</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

Demo and presentation went well. A lot of interest in the BioCatalogue. 
We should now focus on analysis of the content and a SPARQL endpoint for the BioCatalogue
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="report_from_ieee_conference" id="report_from_ieee_conference">Report from IEEE conference</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Presentation of the Functional Unit went well, now need to focus on the implementation.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="daily_operations_report" id="daily_operations_report">Daily operations Report</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New members joining the BioCatalogue. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lots of dead INB services. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> the site was a bit slow but it&#039;s now fine </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="review_of_public_wiki_and_public_facing_material" id="review_of_public_wiki_and_public_facing_material">Review of public wiki and public facing material</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
We need a new template for the wiki but because EBI is moving to drupal we might as well wait to avoid doing it twice. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="sustainability_of_the_biocatalogue" id="sustainability_of_the_biocatalogue">Sustainability of the BioCatalogue</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole talking to Pistoia and PFIZER about the content curation </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue has been proposed as a ELIXIR node.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We might consider include BioCatalogue as part of the apache foundation</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [739-1649] -->
<h3><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits to recycle Taverna CLA for BioCatalogue <strong>ongoing … we&#039;ll reuse the Taverna one. EBI is ok with that.</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo to check if there are any contributions license at the EBI we need to consider … <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: send Emory contact details to Carole. <strong>Done</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo to check if we can get some money from the EBI to organise next SAB f2f…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Take a look at INB services and archive the dead ones…<strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo/Eric: Send EBI wiki template to Franck… <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo to handle BioXsD-EDAM contact… <strong> ongoing</strong>  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mannie to send the bulk annotation via spreadsheet tool to Hamish for testing… <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric/Rodrigo to talk to the sys admin team at the EBI about the BioCatalogue back-end… <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [1650-2460] --><div class="level1">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2010-06-28" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2010-06-28">Phone Conference Meeting on June 28 2010</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "" [2461-] -->