


<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

1. Review documentation distributed from kick-off meeting and wiki,
mailing lists and chats
2. Report on Pilot Scenario Use Case development
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">- Eric, Franck and Hamish on services to pilot with</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li">- Eric and Franck on experiments with schema, models and</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
annotation migration
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">- User categories  - Hamish</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li">- Jits on implications to myExperiment for pilot</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li">- Thomas and Rodrigo on first thoughts on a browser mockup</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li">- All: writing up the Use Case and splitting into stories and tasks</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
3. Next steps on Scenario and timetable  - producing BioCatalogue STORIES
4. Day to day management; chats etc
5. Meetings and deadlines that are coming up - for example the
myExperiment backend
6. Sort out project name and logo
7. AOB 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [1-764] -->
<h1><a name="attendees" id="attendees">Attendees</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

EBI - Eric, Hamish,Rodrigo, Thomas.
</p>

<p>
Manchester   - Carole,Franck,Jiten,Katy
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attendees" [765-867] -->
<h1><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
 
1) Action EBI - Register domain name “biocatalogue.org” and contact the Korean institute about “biocatalog.org”  
</p>

<p>
2) Action Eric/Hamish/Thomas - Join the myexperiment skype chats
</p>

<p>
3) Action Eric/Franck - Produce matrix of service types against bioinformatics domain coverage and properties, to generate a representative set of services to pilot with.
</p>

<p>
4) Action Everybody - Dump all possible attributes/information that could be collected about services on to the mailing list in order to help Eric/Franck enhance the proposed curation model.
</p>

<p>
5) Action Jiten/Eric/Thomas - Setup a myExperiment environment at EBI and walk through myExperiment codebase.
</p>

<p>
6) Action everyone - Decide the exact date of the next telecom meeting; preferably week starting the 26/05.
</p>

<p>
7) Action Franck - select representative KEGG services to use.
</p>

<p>
8) Action Franck - send out definition of “semantic type” to mailing list for further discussion and refinement.
</p>

<p>
9) Action Eric/Franck - work on the metatada levels for bronze/silver/gold/platinum compliance.
Notes
</p>

<p>
Agreed on BioCatalogue as the name and biocatalogue.org as the main domain name.
</p>

<p>
We discussed the need to set up the wiki properly with various sections (such as for meetings and resources). 
</p>

<p>
Chats every other day on the myExp daily dev chats (4pm or 5pm). Would be very useful for at least Eric to sit in.
</p>

<p>
Eric and Franck have come up with a shortlist of services to pilot. They selected a range based on how widely used and the longevity of the providers.
</p>

<p>
Rodrigo was concerned about the volume of the soaplab services. Franck mentioned that about 90% have already been annotated and just need migration.
</p>

<p>
Modelling activity: Eric and Franck have produced a minimum data model. Have used them to annotate many different types of services. 
</p>

<p>
Carole discussed the notion of bronze, silver, gold and platinum compliance, in terms of what level of annotations are provided. This fits in with the idea of “wheels” for each category of metadata, that shift according to what level of compliance (or change colour, or whatever).
</p>

<p>
Viewed mockups from Thomas - unanimous appreciation (both for quality of mockups and quality of sample data [of homeresque proportions]).
</p>

<p>
Discussed how to build the front end for the first pilot. Decided on building this within a myExperiment installation so we can explore close integration as well as leverage the existing platform. Thomas will spend time with Jits on setting everything up and familiarising with codebase.

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [868-] -->