


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2009" id="the_biocatalogue_roadmap_for_2009">The BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2009</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

<br/>


</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Roadmap for 2009" [1-52] -->
<h2><a name="first_quarter_of_2009_jan_-_mar" id="first_quarter_of_2009_jan_-_mar">First quarter of 2009 (Jan - Mar)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Private pilot</em></strong> (private beta) - Basic <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> services registration, discovery and annotation. Batch upload of soaplab services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced service discovery and filtering (I)</strong> - Sorting and filtering (by providers and services types) and more faceted browsing features. At a glance counts of annotations on services. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service annotation support</strong> - Simple tagging and functional description of services, operations, their inputs and outputs. Support for service operation inputs and outputs examples. Support for comments and discussion threads about services. Annotation provided by submitters, providers, expert curators and automated agents.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support (I)</strong> - Ability to register, describe and search for REST services in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (I)</strong> - Import Feta annotation. Providers, experts and users&#039; service registration and annotation. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "First quarter of 2009 (Jan - Mar)" [53-1014] -->
<h2><a name="second_quarter_of_2009_apr_-_jun" id="second_quarter_of_2009_apr_-_jun">Second quarter of 2009 (Apr - Jun)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong><em>Public pilot</em></strong> (public beta) - <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/"  rel="nofollow">First public release</a> (at ISMB 09) - see <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:pilot" class="wikilink1" title="public:pilot">BioCatalogue beta</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - availability</strong> - We will regularly monitor services, by checking the host, endpoints, WSDL and so on.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (II)</strong> - EMBRACE registry content acquisition (initial). Scavenge services from SeekDa.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced service discovery and filtering (II)</strong> - Filtering by tags, providers, submitters, service types, locations, and so on.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>More metadata support</strong> - Ability to provide many different types of annotations to describe and categorise services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced search functionality (I)</strong> - Search takes into account synonyms (taken from an ontology) to provide more relevant results.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>User interface improvements</strong> - To provide intuitive ways to submit, browse, discover and annotate services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Favouriting</strong> - Favourite the services that you use or like the most.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Second quarter of 2009 (Apr - Jun)" [1015-2054] -->
<h2><a name="third_quarter_2009_jul_-_sep" id="third_quarter_2009_jul_-_sep">Third quarter 2009 (Jul - Sep)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (II)</strong> - Full EMBRACE registry import. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (I)</strong> - Basic RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (mainly read).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Soaplab services support</strong> - Better support for Soaplab services</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better WSDL parsing</strong> - Deeper parsing of WSDLs, including linked schemas which include more typed information on ports, inputs and outputs.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better annotation and curation features (I)</strong> - annotations forms, in-situ annotating.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content curation</strong> - Develop and improve tools for expert and community curation</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Outreach</strong> - </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Third quarter 2009 (Jul - Sep)" [2055-2671] -->
<h2><a name="fourth_quarter_2009_oct_-_dec" id="fourth_quarter_2009_oct_-_dec">Fourth quarter 2009 (Oct - Dec)</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service monitoring - testing</strong> - Test scripts to test out service functionality can be provided by submitters and service providers. We will then run these regularly to provide us with metrics on the availability/reliability. A traffic light system (red, green, amber) gives users an at-a-glance view on status.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Service changes monitoring</strong> - Monitoring changes in the WSDLs of services and updating the BioCatalogue records and providing a log of changes.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Final merge of the EMBRACE registry</strong>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better annotation and curation features (II)</strong> - Curation reports, Curation assertions and more improvements for expert/community curators as well as casual annotators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>REST services support (II)</strong> - Better support for REST services, with the ability to describe and annotate the exact Resources, Methods, Parameters and Representations of REST services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs (II)</strong> - More functional RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue (read and write).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Active homepage</strong> - A more dynamic homepage with content on the latest things going on in the BioCatalogue (with news feeds, announcements, and so on).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Notifications and news feeds per service</strong> - <acronym title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</acronym>/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity on a service within the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Better service availability reports</strong> - Including filtering by service availability and “at-a-glance” summary reports for curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Richer service provider profiles</strong> - Ability to add more details for service providers.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Richer user profiles</strong> - Ability to harvest your profile information from myExperiment.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content acquisition (III)</strong> - Scavenge services from ProgrammableWeb, BioMOBY and more from SeekDa.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Annotation Jamboree! (I)</strong>  - A community driven Web Service annotation event in Manchester.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Content curation</strong> -  Ongoing curation of the content in the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Outreach</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Fourth quarter 2009 (Oct - Dec)" [2672-4647] -->
<h2><a name="section2010" id="section2010">2010</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Annotation Jamboree! (II)</strong> - possibly at ISMB &#039;10</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment</strong> - Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with Taverna</strong> - Ability to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue</strong> - Ability to set up your own local BioCatalogue registry.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Curation workbench/tools</strong> - New curation tools designed for expert curators.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>“Try it now” service functionality</strong> - Ability to test and play with a service within the BioCatalogue interface before using it.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Semantic annotation support)</strong> - Ability to annotate service using ontologies and controlled vocabularies (possibly import/export semantically annotated services in different formats such as SAWSDL, SA-REST).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Advanced search functionality (II)</strong> - Similarity searches. Semantic search: search for services using terms from a defined ontology. Amazon-like search: people who searched for these also searched for those.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BioMoby and SADI services support</strong> - Better support for BioMoby and SADI services </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Functional Unit of Services</strong>- Ability to present services in terms of their biological functions, biological data types and biological resources.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2010" [4648-] -->