


<h1><a name="st_biocatalogue_strategy_advisory_board_meeting" id="st_biocatalogue_strategy_advisory_board_meeting">1st BioCatalogue Strategy Advisory Board meeting</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

<strong>Date:</strong> 20th March 2009
</p>

<p>
<strong>Location:</strong> University of Manchester
</p>

<p>
<strong>Attending:</strong> Carole Goble, Jiten Bhagat, Steve Pettifer, Franck Tanoh, Rodrigo Lopez, Thomas Laurent, Eric Nzuobontane, Chris Rawlings, Anil Wipat, Jo Dicks, Steve Kemp, Antoine H.C. van Kampen, Holger Lausen, Terry Payne
</p>

<p>
<strong>Apologies:</strong> Robert Stevens, Mark Wilkinson, Robert Gill, Katy Wolstencroft
</p>

<p>
<strong>Agenda</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Presentation of the BioCatalogue project (Carole Goble)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Presentation of the Seekda project (Holger Lausen)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Demonstration of the BioCatalogue private release (Jiten Bhagat, Eric Nzuobontane)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discussion about current state of the project as well as about its future development</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1st BioCatalogue Strategy Advisory Board meeting" [1-739] -->
<h2><a name="presentation_of_the_biocatalogue_project" id="presentation_of_the_biocatalogue_project">1. Presentation of the BioCatalogue project</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/lib/exe/fetch.php?id=meetings%3Astrategy_advisory_board_mar_09_revisited&amp;cache=cache&amp;media=meetings:sab_-_biocatalogue.ppt" class="media mediafile mf_ppt" title="meetings:sab_-_biocatalogue.ppt">BioCatalogue presentation</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1. Presentation of the BioCatalogue project" [740-860] -->
<h2><a name="presentation_of_the_seekda_project" id="presentation_of_the_seekda_project">2. Presentation of the Seekda project</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/lib/exe/fetch.php?id=meetings%3Astrategy_advisory_board_mar_09_revisited&amp;cache=cache&amp;media=meetings:sab_-_2009-03-20-holger.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="meetings:sab_-_2009-03-20-holger.pdf">Seekda presentation</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2. Presentation of the Seekda project" [861-974] -->
<h2><a name="demonstration_of_the_biocatalogue_private_release" id="demonstration_of_the_biocatalogue_private_release">3. Demonstration of the BioCatalogue private release</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<a href="http://beta.biocatalogue.org" class="urlextern" title="http://beta.biocatalogue.org"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue private release</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "3. Demonstration of the BioCatalogue private release" [975-1103] -->
<h2><a name="discussion" id="discussion">4. Discussion</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "4. Discussion" [1104-1130] -->
<h3><a name="the_project" id="the_project">The Project</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SAB asked “What is the main criteria from the BBSRC for evaluation of this program ?”</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Answer: Does anybody use it? How much content? Is it crucial to the community? Significant coverage of the field.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The Project" [1131-1359] -->
<h3><a name="search" id="search">Search</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search terms matched to ontologies, allowing for richer searches.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thesaurus based search term expansion and presentation of results </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue, searchable by Google and EBI search engine. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue to use standard tools for search expansion. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Have a look at the clustering engine <a href="http://project.carrot2.org/" class="urlextern" title="http://project.carrot2.org/"  rel="nofollow">carrot2</a> to enhance the search results returned by <a href="http://lucene.apache.org/solr/" class="urlextern" title="http://lucene.apache.org/solr/"  rel="nofollow">SOLR</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Have a look at <a href="http://cohse.cs.manchester.ac.uk/" class="urlextern" title="http://cohse.cs.manchester.ac.uk/"  rel="nofollow">COHSE</a> to get broader terms and narrower terms.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Search" [1360-1912] -->
<h3><a name="browsing" id="browsing">Browsing</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Facetted browsing: classification of services based on domain e.g. proteomic, genomic, metabolomic…etc.    </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sourcing from ontology; myGrid ontology may not be enough to annotate all services. We need to source from other ontology as well.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Browsing" [1913-2184] -->
<h3><a name="registration" id="registration">Registration</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> At registration point ask users/providers to accept terms/conditions; we need advice on that issue e.g. from the business school here in Manchester. We should also ask if the submitter is the provider/owner of the service (how do we do service ownership management ?).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Feedback loop to users and service providers need to be more explicit.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We should ask if submitter of a Web Service is also the owner and ask for the type of notifications wanted.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Registration" [2185-2670] -->
<h3><a name="annotation" id="annotation">Annotation</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possibility to use other ontology as well</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What a provider gets from providing more metadata. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Make sure we don’t mislead people about services having a lot of metadata but with a bad quality service. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Annotation" [2671-2909] -->
<h3><a name="quality_of_service" id="quality_of_service">Quality of service</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to separate subjective rating from objective rating.  We should be careful with rating not to offend providers. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Speed of a service difficult to measure and very subjective.  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Feedback to provider is an important aspect of the monitoring piece.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “Did it do what I want it to do?”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “Did it do what it said it would do?”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need to separate out <strong>machine</strong> vs <strong>human</strong> AND <strong>subjective</strong> vs <strong>objective</strong> measurements</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Quality of service" [2910-3385] -->
<h3><a name="social_networking" id="social_networking">Social networking</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need to be careful not to appear to support any comment post to the BioCatalogue (write disclaimer).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide service providers clear paths and opportunities to respond to negative comments.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Suggestion: Multiple comment threads (using <a href="http://disqus.com/" class="urlextern" title="http://disqus.com/"  rel="nofollow">DISQUS</a>) to be able to separate general comments from technical issues with a Web Service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We probably shouldn’t allow anonymous comments.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide a “did you find this comment useful”.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Provide a “did you find Web Service you were looking for” for both anonymous and registered users.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Social networking" [3386-3983] -->
<h3><a name="testing" id="testing">Testing</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test script is an example of how to run a service</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tests are a valuable information for users but also an important feedback for service providers (test that their service is working and reachable by the outside world)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Testing" [3984-4229] -->
<h3><a name="metrics" id="metrics">Metrics</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How many times a Web Service has been seen/visited</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We could check how e-commerce websites handles ranking (in literature, with business school…)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Metrics" [4230-4406] -->
<h3><a name="launch_strategy" id="launch_strategy">Launch strategy</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCuration/BioIT - silent launch (open up the <a href="http://beta.biocatalogue.org" class="urlextern" title="http://beta.biocatalogue.org"  rel="nofollow">beta site</a>)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ISMB/ECCB in July, the real launch target. A poster has already been submitted and a demo will be subitted as well (Taverna integration will be ready by then).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We can investigate using Google ads but very VERY expensive.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mailing lists to advertise the launch on ? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Press releases: talk to journal/publisher about BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Newsletters BBSRC</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Students and teaching – Anil’s help</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EU networks</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sponsorship of activities</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Launch strategy" [4407-4983] -->
<h3><a name="long_term_recognition_of_biocatalogue" id="long_term_recognition_of_biocatalogue">Long term recognition of BioCatalogue</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue, the place where publishers such as <a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/" class="urlextern" title="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/"  rel="nofollow">NAR</a> point their submitters to register web services. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue the number one web service registry for life science</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Long term recognition of BioCatalogue" [4984-5245] -->
<h3><a name="term_of_reference_sab" id="term_of_reference_sab">Term of reference SAB</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A quarterly small report to send to the SAB team. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Meeting once a year.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Create a SAB mailing list for contact</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Term of reference SAB" [5246-5437] -->
<h3><a name="action" id="action">Action</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck, submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All, Holger invitation for a meeting between the BioCatalogue team and service finder team</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI – ownership and diplomacy </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Create a mailing list for the SAB team</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action" [5438-] -->