
<p>
The BioCatalogue team has released his first public <a href="http://beta.biocatalogue.org/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://beta.biocatalogue.org/"  rel="nofollow">beta</a>. The BioCatalogue beta has the following features: 
</p>



<h2><a name="biocatalogue_beta" id="biocatalogue_beta">BioCatalogue beta....</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> supports user registration and user profiles for both regular users and service providers. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports registration for <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym>, REST and soaplab services.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Handles service discovery by keywords or browsing the latest services submitted; filtering of search result by  category, provider, tags and controlled vocabulary. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Supports annotation of services by tags, user comments(powered by Disqus) and text description. Annotated services or their parts (operations, inputs, outputs etc) are searchable. </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability for users to provide many more types of annotations (like examples, name aliases and so on).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Harvests all annotations and services from Feta.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Exposes an OpenSearch description document.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> At-a-glance counts of annotations on services (grouped by provider, user and other registries).</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "BioCatalogue beta...." [145-1010] -->
<h2><a name="to_get_involved" id="to_get_involved">To Get Involved</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

We are looking for early adopters and testers of the BioCatalogue pilot. You can be a service provider, a developer, a bioinformatician or just interested.
</p>

<p>
Join our mailing list: <br/>

<a href="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue-Friends Mailing List</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "To Get Involved" [1011-1339] -->
<h2><a name="still_to_come" id="still_to_come">Still to come ...</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Support for DAS services</strong> registration </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration with myExperiment:</strong> on the one hand services from BioCatalogue will be displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. On the other hand services within workflows in myExperiment will reference the appropriate services in BioCatalogue so users can click through to the information in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Integration to Taverna:</strong> users will be able to import Web Services and annotations to and from BioCatalogue and Taverna.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Public APIs:</strong>  RESTful APIs to BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>myBioCatalogue:</strong> setup your private BioCatalogue for your project or organisation</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

For the list of complete features  <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=public:roadmap" class="wikilink1" title="public:roadmap">The Roadmap</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Still to come ..." [1340-] -->