
<p>
Date: Monday 12th October 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08444737630
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> Steve, Jits, Carole, Franck, George
</p>

<p>

<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [99-200] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [201-224] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [225-246] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress report </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BBSRC report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [247-493] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: CLA proposal based on the Taverna one. <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: talk to Francois (the french team) about their service monitoring improvements. <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ALL: add your Biocatalogue outreach on the wiki. <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: plan for focus group. <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: identify group at the EBI which could provide us with feedback about the BioCatalogue. <strong>completed</strong> </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [494-930] -->
<h2><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Steve highlighted the EDAM ontology from embrace. The BioCatalogue can use that. 
Jon from the EMBRACE group will be in Manchester for the BioCatalogue annotation jamboree. 
</p>

<p>
Eric: test script up and running. has some issues with library versions; which library to select for a specific language? Soaplab team will update their test script to work with the latest library. 
</p>

<p>
Jits: Enhanced search performance. Working on the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> 
</p>

<p>
Franck: writing annotation best practice. Sent invitation for the BioCatalogue annotation jamboree. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [931-1485] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Send around who is doing what for the BBSRC report</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric/Jits: to talk about script written by Jits for the Embrace import</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [1486-1650] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [1651-1684] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

BioCatalogue annotation model meeting 14/10/09
</p>

<p>
BBSRC report due 01/11/09
</p>

<p>
The BioCatalogue annotation jamboree 29/11/09
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [1685-1823] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-09-28" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-09-28">Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 28 2009</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-10-19" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-10-19">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 19 2009</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [1824-] -->