


<h3><a name="current_biocatalogue_terms_of_use" id="current_biocatalogue_terms_of_use">Current BioCatalogue Terms of Use</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="glossary" id="glossary">Glossary</a></h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue: The website provided at <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org"  rel="nofollow">http://www.biocatalogue.org</a> (or “Site”) and other supporting services provided by the BioCatalogue project.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue Team (or “We”): The provider and management of The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> User: Person, institution or program using The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Member: Person, institution or program who has an account on The BioCatalogue. Members are registered users who may contribute to the content of the Site by registering web services, adding descriptions/tags/etc, rating services, favouriting services and so on. All contributions by Members are identified, and credited, back to them through their BioCatalogue account.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4><a name="terms_of_use" id="terms_of_use">Terms Of Use</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h5><a name="member_accounts" id="member_accounts">Member Accounts</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Anyone may sign up for an account and become a Member of The BioCatalogue for free.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All Member profiles are public and therefore can be viewed by anyone and be indexed by search engines such as Google. However, certain private account information like usernames, passwords and registered email addresses are never exposed publicly.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any personal information provided will be handle in accordance with the United Kingdom&#039;s Data Protection legislation. No personal data shall be made public without prior consent from the User.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>

<h5><a name="content_and_services" id="content_and_services">Content and Services</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue is available free of charge to be used by any individual and for any purpose except where specific restrictions are indicated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Users of The BioCatalogue agree not to attempt to use any part of The BioCatalogue apart from through the service interfaces provided.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We do not guarantee the accuracy of any data or software and services for any purpose and accept no responsibility for consequences of their use.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Members may submit web services and metadata to The BioCatalogue for free.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Member-posted content, unless source quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The validity and authenticity of the content of any submissions is  the sole responsibility of the depositing Members.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We do not guarantee copyrights, patent rights, brand rights, or any other rights belonging to third parties, towards the content appearing on The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We decline any responsibility concerning the content and use of other websites and web services reached from The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We regard the nature of the work carried out by any individual User as confidential, and shall make every reasonable attempt to prevent breaches of that confidentiality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We do not accept responsibility for the consequences of any breach of the confidentiality of The BioCatalogue by third parties who by any means gain illegitimate access to information from The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We will make all reasonable effort to maintain continuity of The BioCatalogue and provide adequate warning of any changes or discontinuities. However, The BioCatalogue Team accepts no responsibility for the consequences of any temporary or permanent discontinuity to The BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We place no restrictions on the use or redistribution of the Member-generated content available via The BioCatalogue. However, some of the content may be subject to patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights claimed by third parties. It is the responsibility of Users of The BioCatalogue to ensure that their exploitation of the data does not infringe the rights of such third parties.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Anyone may use the source code of The BioCatalogue consistent with the BSD License (unless licensed otherwise, in which case the relevant license is applicable).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We require attribution for the use of The BioCatalogue in any subsequent product or service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Relevant law governing these Terms of Use is UK law. The BioCatalogue is controlled and offered from its facilities in the United Kingdom. We make no representations that The BioCatalogue is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use The BioCatalogue from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>

<h5><a name="withdrawal_take_down_policy" id="withdrawal_take_down_policy">Withdrawal / Take Down Policy</a></h5>
<div class="level5">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If any User exploits The BioCatalogue to a level that prevents, or looks set to prevent, The BioCatalogue Team from providing its services to others, We may discontinue some or all services to that User.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If content submitted to The BioCatalogue is deemed illicit, offensive or inappropriate, We reserve the right to immediately remove such content, and permanently withdraw the authorisation to access The BioCatalogue to the User(s) responsible.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If We receive proof of copyright violation or plagiarism, the relevant content will be removed immediately.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Content may be withdrawn from The BioCatalogue at the request of the provider / copyright holder.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A notice of withdrawal will accompany any withdrawal of content by The BioCatalogue Team to the author of the content, together with the reason for such withdrawal.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Where the reason for take down or withdrawal is found to be unsubstantiated the content may be re-exposed into The BioCatalogue, with any appropriate amendments to the content itself or access arrangements.</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

Preservation

</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For planning and scientific review purposes, We will keep records of usage and other metrics. We may use this information, together with information from the content of The BioCatalogue in presentations, reports and other project material, in the accordance with the Data Protection Act.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We may make information about particular software or web services available to third parties who supply the services, in the accordance with the Data Protection Act.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Logs of usage may also be maintained for the purposes of monitoring and improving The BioCatalogue, and measuring the impact a particular service has on our resources. These logs will be kept in confidence and not made available to third parties.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any feedback on The BioCatalogue will be treated as non-confidential unless the individual or organisation providing the feedback states otherwise.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Withdrawn and deleted content are not removed permanently from The BioCatalogue, but are removed from public view and public consumption (including removed from the BioCatalogue search). However, they may still exist in backups and other operational data stores, and also exist in internet caches and search engines.</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>

These Terms of Use reflect the enduring principles under which The BioCatalogue are offered. We will not, without good reason, alter them, and where alterations are inevitable, we will attempt to give reasonable notice of such alterations. However, we do reserve the right to alter these Terms of Use at any time in order to ensure their appropriateness to the BioCatalogue mission.
</p>

<p>
Any questions or comments concerning these Terms of Use can be addressed to the BioCatalogue Team.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Current BioCatalogue Terms of Use" [1-6913] -->
<h3><a name="previous_biocatalogue_terms_of_use" id="previous_biocatalogue_terms_of_use">Previous BioCatalogue Terms of Use</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

<strong>These Terms of Use are based on the EMBL-EBI services terms of Use </strong>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Glossary</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> User : Person, institution or program using the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> You : refers to the user as defined above </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The public services in BioCatalogue available free of charge to be used by any individual and for any purpose except where specific restriction are indicated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> You are free to use BioCatalogue source code consistent with the BSD License </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Users of the deployed BioCatalogue services agree not to attempt to use any part of BioCatalogue apart from through the service interfaces provided.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If any single user exploits the BioCatalogue services to a level that prevents, or looks set to prevent, the BioCatalogue providing services to others, the BioCatalogue may discontinue service to that user. BioCatalogue will then contact the user to discuss their needs and how (and if) these can be met. Suggested solutions may include such heavy users licensing for their own in-house use third-party software used in the BioCatalogue services. With permission from the user, the BioCatalogue may divulge their identity to such third parties, and jointly propose possible solutions.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue does not guarantee the accuracy of any data or software and services for any purpose and accepts no responsibility for consequences of their use.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For planning and scientific review purposes, the BioCatalogue will keep records of usage. BioCatalogue may make information about the total volume of usage of particular software or services available to third parties who supply the services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Logs of usage may also be maintained for the purposes of monitoring and improving services, and measuring the impact a particular service has on our resources. These logs will be kept in confidence and not made available for other purposes or to third parties.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue regards the nature of the work carried out by any individual user as confidential, and shall make every reasonable attempt to prevent breaches of that confidentiality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue does not accept responsibility for the consequences of any breach of the confidentiality of the BioCatalogue site by third parties who by any means gain illegitimate access to information from BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue itself places no restrictions on the use or redistribution of the data available via its services. However, some of the original data may be subject to patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights claimed by third parties. It is the responsibility of users of BioCatalogue services to ensure that their exploitation of the data does not infringe the rights of such third parties. BioCatalogue can neither comment on the validity of their claims nor grant unrestricted permission regarding the use of the data.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue will make all reasonable effort to maintain continuity of service and provide adequate warning of any changes or discontinuities. However, the BioCatalogue accepts no responsibility for the consequences of any temporary or permanent discontinuity in service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue requires attribution for any of its services or data that it is subsequently used in another product or service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any feedback on services and software provided by BioCatalogue will be treated as non-confidential unless the individual or organisation providing the feedback states otherwise.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Relevant law governing these Terms of Use is UK law</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any questions or comments concerning these Terms of Use can be addressed to BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> These Terms of Use reflect the enduring principles under which the BioCatalogue services are offered. We will not, without good reason, alter them, and where alterations are inevitable, we will attempt to give reasonable notice of such alterations. However, we do reserve the right to alter these Terms of Use at any time in order to ensure their appropriateness to the BioCatalogue mission.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous BioCatalogue Terms of Use" [6914-] -->