
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="the_biocatalogue_work_plan_for_2011">The BioCatalogue work plan for 2011</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
For 2011 we plan to work on the following features, which will be prioritised based on users&#039; feedback and requests. 
To have your say, please join the <a href="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?SUBED1=biocatalogue-friends&amp;A=1"  rel="nofollow">BioCatalogue-Friends Mailing List</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "The BioCatalogue work plan for 2011" [1-319] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="functional_units_fu">Functional Units (FU)</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Functional/task view over web services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> FUs as conﬁgurations and compositions of underlying service operations that can then be described, annotated and searched for</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Functional Units (FU)" [320-529] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="improving_search_capabilities_and_user_interface">Improving search capabilities and user interface</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “People who searched for this also searched for x”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Consolidating the filtering and search user interfaces</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Improving search capabilities and user interface" [530-710] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="improving_the_annotations_mechanism">Improving the annotations mechanism</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Incorporating the EDAM ontology</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Richer annotation fields (choice-based, semantic chooser, suggestions, etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Improving the annotations mechanism" [711-875] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="better_curation_reports_and_tools_for_expert_curators">Better curation reports and tools for expert curators</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improving the curation dashboard and annotating features</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Better curation reports and tools for expert curators" [876-1003] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="try_it_now_service_functionality">“Try it now” service functionality</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to test and play with a service within the BioCatalogue interface e.g. run SOAP operations or REST endpoints directly</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "“Try it now” service functionality" [1004-1185] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7" id="curator_community_features">Curator community features</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improving support for curators and building a community of curators e.g. curator invites and reward badges</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation status bar: a status bar to display the overall annotation status of a service. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Curator community features" [1186-1432] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="more_customisable_and_brand-able_system">More customisable and brand-able system</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More and more people are deploying their own instance using the BioCatalogue software</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to make the software more customisable as well as more robust</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Need to make it easier to configure images, styles, colours etc</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "More customisable and brand-able system" [1433-1714] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit9" id="integration_with_myexperiment">Integration with myExperiment</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Services from BioCatalogue displayed in myExperiment so users of myExperiment can browse them. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Workflows in myExperiment will have links to the relevant services, with metadata and monitoring status pulled from BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Integration with myExperiment" [1715-1991] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="better_service_filtering_and_ranking">Better service filtering and ranking</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ability to filter or rank service based on annotations, quality, curators etc.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Better service filtering and ranking" [1992-2126] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit11" id="service_versions">Service versions</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Support for different versions of a service (i.e.: SOAP and REST versions of a single service).</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT11 SECTION "Service versions" [2127-2256] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit12" id="notifications_and_news_feeds_per_service">Notifications and news feeds per service</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> RSS/ATOM feeds for services, providing information on all activity on a service within the BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT12 SECTION "Notifications and news feeds per service" [2257-] -->