


<h3><a name="proposed_biocatalogue_terms_of_use" id="proposed_biocatalogue_terms_of_use">Proposed BioCatalogue Terms of Use</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
<strong>These Terms of Use are copied from EMBL-EBI services terms of Use </strong>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Glossary</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> User : Person, institution or program using the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> You : refers to the user as defined above </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The public services in BioCatalogue available free of charge to be used by any individual and for any purpose except where specific restriction are indicated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> You are free to use BioCatalogue source code consistent with the BSD License </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Users of the deployed BioCatalogue services agree not to attempt to use any part of BioCatalogue apart from through the service interfaces provided.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If any single user exploits the BioCatalogue services to a level that prevents, or looks set to prevent, the BioCatalogue providing services to others, the BioCatalogue may discontinue service to that user. BioCatalogue will then contact the user to discuss their needs and how (and if) these can be met. Suggested solutions may include such heavy users licensing for their own in-house use third-party software used in the BioCatalogue services. With permission from the user, the BioCatalogue may divulge their identity to such third parties, and jointly propose possible solutions.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue does not guarantee the accuracy of any data or software and services for any purpose and accepts no responsibility for consequences of their use.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For planning and scientific review purposes, the BioCatalogue will keep records of usage. BioCatalogue may make information about the total volume of usage of particular software or services available to third parties who supply the services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Logs of usage may also be maintained for the purposes of monitoring and improving services, and measuring the impact a particular service has on our resources. These logs will be kept in confidence and not made available for other purposes or to third parties.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue regards the nature of the work carried out by any individual user as confidential, and shall make every reasonable attempt to prevent breaches of that confidentiality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue does not accept responsibility for the consequences of any breach of the confidentiality of the BioCatalogue site by third parties who by any means gain illegitimate access to information from BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue itself places no restrictions on the use or redistribution of the data available via its services. However, some of the original data may be subject to patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights claimed by third parties. It is the responsibility of users of BioCatalogue services to ensure that their exploitation of the data does not infringe the rights of such third parties. BioCatalogue can neither comment on the validity of their claims nor grant unrestricted permission regarding the use of the data.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue will make all reasonable effort to maintain continuity of service and provide adequate warning of any changes or discontinuities. However, the BioCatalogue accepts no responsibility for the consequences of any temporary or permanent discontinuity in service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue requires attribution for any of its services or data that it is subsequently used in another product or service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any feedback on services and software provided by BioCatalogue will be treated as non-confidential unless the individual or organisation providing the feedback states otherwise.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Relevant law governing these Terms of Use is UK law</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any questions or comments concerning these Terms of Use can be addressed to BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> These Terms of Use reflect the enduring principles under which the BioCatalogue services are offered. We will not, without good reason, alter them, and where alterations are inevitable, we will attempt to give reasonable notice of such alterations. However, we do reserve the right to alter these Terms of Use at any time in order to ensure their appropriateness to the BioCatalogue mission.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
