


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-38] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Manchester: Franck, Katy, Jits
EBI: Thomas, Hamish, Eric 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [39-120] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Carole, Rodrigo 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [121-161] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Franck 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [162-191] -->
<h2><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [192-211] -->
<h3><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EBI - Register domain name “biocatalogue.org” and contact the Korean institute about “biocatalog.org”  Not  sure if Rodrigo contacted the Korean</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Hamish/Thomas - Join the myexperiment skype chats Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Franck - Produce matrix of service types against bioinformatics domain coverage and properties, to generate a representative set of services to pilot with. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Everybody - Dump all possible attributes/information that could be collected about services on to the mailing list in order to help Eric/Franck enhance the proposed curation model. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jiten/Eric/Thomas - Setup a myExperiment environment at EBI and walk through myExperiment codebase. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Everyone - Decide the exact date of the next telecom meeting; preferably week starting the 26/05. next meeting on Tuesday 10/06</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Franck - select representative KEGG services to use. Done</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Franck - send out definition of “semantic type” to mailing list for further discussion and refinement. Done, definition is in the model</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric/Franck - work on the metatada levels for bronze/silver/gold/platinum compliance. Done, model is on the wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [212-1405] -->
<h3><a name="round-table" id="round-table">Round-table</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

Franck: worked on the platinum annotation model from which they&#039;ve derived the bronze, silver and gold.
These models are on the wiki. Selected a number of broadly used bioinformatics web services.
will now describe selected services using the model.
</p>

<p>
Jits: help Thomas and Eric to set up myexperiment code base at EBI. will meet Thomas and Eric to discuss the code base
</p>

<p>
Katy: Attending a Web service metadata meeting in Australia, the report of the meeting is on the list and the wiki.
discuss the annotation model with Franck
</p>

<p>
Eric: worked on the annotation model, Familiarising himself with myExperiment code base. Joined myExperiment 5pm chat.
Will look at the back end database.
</p>

<p>
Thomas: Set up a private myExperiment code base at EBI. Joined myExperiment 5pm chat.
</p>

<p>
Hamish: Encouraging service providers to describe their services.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Round-table" [1406-2267] -->
<h3><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2268-2297] -->
<h3><a name="meetings_and_deadlines_that_are_coming_up" id="meetings_and_deadlines_that_are_coming_up">Meetings and deadlines that are coming up</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meetings and deadlines that are coming up" [2298-2350] -->
<h3><a name="any_other_business_aob" id="any_other_business_aob">Any Other Business (AOB)</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
We all agree to have at this stage weekly meeting. The next one is next Tuesday 3-5pm
Everybody should start writing &#039;stories&#039; about what they do
Franck: looking for example of services with security/licensing/restrictions issues to use as example.
Biocatalogue back end: Ruby on Rails or Java? Jits said Java would be better.
Minutes
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Any Other Business (AOB)" [2351-2721] -->
<h3><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

Everybody: read the services matrix and check out the annotations models
Franck: post on the list example of stories
Thomas: start advertising biocatalogue on the new domain
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [2722-2919] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_minutes" id="previous_next_minutes">Previous/Next Minutes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: PhoneMeeting_13_05_2008 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: PhoneMeeting_13_06_2008 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Minutes" [2920-] -->