
<p>
Date: Tuesday 27th Jan 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits, Carole
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Thomas, Eric, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-189] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [190-214] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [215-238] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hackathon summary</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress of <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> (to clarify user requirements)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki and announcement to friends list</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [239-525] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: investigate &#039;home&#039; link on the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action David/Carole/Steve : Review the wiki pages intended for general public. It is important to free the public wiki of internal terminology</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Franck : Put up a service classification draft on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Thomas/Eric/Franck : Prepare for the hackathon in Manchester. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [526-1479] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Minutes from the hackathon: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:f2f_jan_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:f2f_jan_09">F2F Hackathon 21-22-23 January @ Manchester</a> <br/>

Other item we discuss during the meeting: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test scripts need to go through a validation process </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Policy Identification needed in relation: </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> taking down service</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> curation best practices</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> tagging best practices</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> annotation best practices</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> how mutable should annotations be? Allow user to make changes to their own annotations. Avoid over engineering the functionality</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> delegation of privileges to other users to make changes to services(annotations) owned by the delegator</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> most important thing is to keep the annotations up to date, that is what most users care about</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 20 Questions</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> questions on statistics in the system, how many…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> questions on metrics, status</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> question relations</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> questions on editing and maintaining (house keeping) entries in the catalogue</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Advisory board meeting in March @ Manchester</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1480-2494] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [2495-2519] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2520-2554] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jit doing a presentation on BioCatalogue on the 29th  </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2555-2807] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-20" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-01-20">Phone Conference Meeting on Jan 20 2009</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:  <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-02-03" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-02-03">Phone Conference Meeting on Feb 03 2009</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2808-] -->