


<h1><a name="meeting_agenda_minutes" id="meeting_agenda_minutes">Meeting Agenda/Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Date: Tuesday 07th October 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-17:00 (UK)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Meeting Agenda/Minutes" [1-95] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong> Franck, Jits, 
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-172] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole, Hamish, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [173-219] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Jits
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [220-246] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action from the last telcon.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot - are we rolling? </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [247-361] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: Gather requirement for the pilot… <strong>DONE</strong> during the EBI “designathon” (see: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:requirements_for_pilot" class="wikilink1" title="development:requirements_for_pilot">requirements_for_pilot</a>)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: Speak to Dave about the new privacy policy in myExperiment… <strong>ONGOING</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everyone: read EBI privacy policy… <strong>DONE</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: contact Eddie from BioMoby for help in registring BioMoby services…. <strong>DONE</strong>, Eddie has provided a script we could potentially use.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [362-819] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Discussed how BioMoby services fit in. There are some complications here that need to be tackled once we have the basic <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> service submission fully working. This brought up the idea of “service groupings”, so people can see a list of all “BioMoby” services, for example.
</p>

<p>
Agreed that we need to start deploying the pilot code somewhere so that we can show internal people, as well as get Franck to start populating the pilot content database. Eric and Thomas volunteered to be responsible for this (together with Hamish&#039;s help).
</p>

<p>
Franck brought up and reminded us about the requirement for bulk submission of services. This is crucial to getting content in the pilot.
</p>

<p>
We also discussed tagging and how it may fit in with the annotation model being developed. To users, though, we figured that they would be visualised differently to regular annotations.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [820-1700] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck (with devs): put together feature list for pilot, for end users.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: circulate myExp draft T&amp;C&#039;s and privacy policy.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric &amp; Thomas: set up pilot.biocatalogue.org and deploy the current work on the pilot.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [1701-1952] -->
<h2><a name="next_meeting" id="next_meeting">Next Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Tues 14/10/2008
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Next Meeting" [1953-1995] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [1996-2027] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2028-2046] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-09-30" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-09-30">Phone Conference Meeting on Sept 30 2008</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-14" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-10-14">Phone Conference Meeting on Oct 14 2008</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2047-] -->