


<h1><a name="section" id="section"></a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Attending
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "" [1-17] -->
<h1><a name="section1" id="section1"></a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
EBI  - Eric, Hamish, Thomas, Rodrigo 
</p>

<p>
Manchester - Carole, Jiten, Katy 
Apologies
</p>

<p>
Franck(away on caBIG conference) 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "" [18-146] -->
<h1><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
 
Eric 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [147-178] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [179-200] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action All → Read the paper on biocatalogue sent to the mailing list by Carole</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action Carole → Speak to Steve, of the Manchester EMBRACE team about biocatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action Eric → post database model to mailing list for comments </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action All → Planning on prototype/to building a community/to building a highly scalable infrastructure</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action All → Read on building highly scalable web applications (links to sent to list by Jits) </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action Eric/Jits/Thomas → Design to with possible replacement of components in mind</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action All : Need flyer for  ISMB meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [201-848] -->
<h2><a name="round-table" id="round-table">Round-table</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Round-table" [849-873] -->
<h1><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Carole, Katy, Jits, Thomas, Hamish &amp; Rodrigo going to ISMB meeting (20-23 July)
</p>

<p>
Carole and Katy doing paper for the project kick-off meeting for our sysmo-db project
Any Other Business (AOB)

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shall we set up a developper blog at this stage of the project to interact with potential users?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Can Manchester team access EBI ticket tracker?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> From Robert: can you make sure these two items are discussed at the BioCatalogue meeting:</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
      1. Attempt to draw up a “how to approach annotating a service” – a best practise document as a guide to people “out there” who want to attempt such an    action. this is a start for something we need for our Briefings in Bioinformatics paper
</p>
<pre class="code">    2. Scheduling time for Franck to do some work on ONDEx workflows in the near future....</pre>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [874-1695] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

On actions from previous meeting

</p>
<pre class="code"> 1. Carole to resend paper to mailing list for reading and/or comments
 2. Carole Spoke to Steve of the Manchester EMBRACE team. They want to implement some quick fix solution to catalogue EMBRACE services. They intend to use BioCatalogue in the future
 3.  Eric put a db schema on the wiki. To repost to mailing list for comments
 4. Agreement not to worry about the db model being rails driven for the prototype. However, the constraints introduced by rails should be clearly documented with possible solutions should migration to another backend model be necessary after the prototype. Jiten suggested that Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition be explored for the BioCatalogue prototype. Eric/Jiten/Thomas to come up with a technical road map for the BioCatalogue project
 5. Katy is doing a (taverna) poster for the ISMB meeting. Biocatalogue will be mentioned on this poster</pre>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1696-2644] -->
<h2><a name="on_round_table" id="on_round_table">On Round table</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas worked with Hamish on the installation of rails and apache+mongrel cluster at EBI.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Eric worked on extending the db model and understanding how rails handles db models. Concern was raised about db integrity in the absence of rails. Another concern was that rails handling of <acronym title="Resource Description Framework">RDF</acronym> is inadequate</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jiten and Katy have been  busy preparing for the ISMB Meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> There is a student intern at Manchester that can be brought into the biocatalogue project. He could be a good candidate for doing the interfacing between myExperiment and BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Carole has a few publicity opportunities for the BioCatalogue project in the following weeks(Bonn -talking to Max-Planck people, UK e-Science All Hands, SYSMO). An expanded webpage will be needed to make these publicity opportunities more effective. Thomas and Rodrigo agreed to add content to the BioCatalogue holding page</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "On Round table" [2645-3573] -->
<h2><a name="on_other_business" id="on_other_business">On Other Business</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  A developer blog for BioCatalogue is something that will not be done at the moment. But the issue can be revisited in the future</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Rodrigo will follow up the issue of giving access to the Manchester people on the EBI ticket tracking system</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Robert wanted assistance in writing some workflows. Robert also raised the question of best practice in annotating a service. There was a suggestion that an example driven minimum effort to effectively annotate a service was one way to go. It could also be modeled on the minimum effort for discovery, discrimination amongst the discovered services and invocation based on the bronze/silver/gold annotation model</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> On publishing BioCatalogue interfaces, there was a suggestion on having BioCatalogue as a service within BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> On wiki, there a suggestion from EBI on moving to a platform with BioCatalogue look, feel and control. Given that there is a dedicated team of people handling web issues at EBI who could set up a wiki very quickly, it was agreed that EBI should setup a biocatalogue wiki and circulate the link within the next few days.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "On Other Business" [3574-4726] -->
<h2><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Action Carole → Resend paper to mailing list
</p>

<p>
Action Eric → Send db schema to mailing list
</p>

<p>
Action Eric/Thoman → Investigate Passenger and Ruby Enterprise Edition for BioCatalogue pilot
</p>

<p>
Action Eric/Jiten/Thomas → Come up with a technical road map for the BioCatalogue project
</p>

<p>
Action Rodrigo → Provide access to the EBI ticketing system to BioCatalogue team in Manchester
</p>

<p>
Action Nobody → Assist in developing some workflows for Robert
</p>

<p>
Action Thomas → Setup BioCatalogue wiki and circulate link on the mailing list
</p>

<p>
Action Rodrigo &amp; Thomas → Provide content for the BioCatalogue home page
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [4727-5352] -->
<h1><a name="previous_next_minutes" id="previous_next_minutes">Previous/Next Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Previous meeting: PhoneMeeting_13_06_2008 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: PhoneMeeting_10_07_2008 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Minutes" [5353-] -->