


<h3><a name="this_page_is_now_deprecated._please_do_not_update" id="this_page_is_now_deprecated._please_do_not_update">This page is now deprecated. Please do not update!</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Web Services change their location and capability, or become outdated</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The BioCatalogue monitors Web Services and records historical data on the availability, reliability and functionality of these services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "This page is now deprecated. Please do not update!" [1-278] -->
<h1><a name="monitoring_of_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue" id="monitoring_of_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue">Monitoring of Web Services in the BioCatalogue</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The BioCatalogue regularly monitor services to provide up-to-date information about the status of the service. The catalogue regularly pings the endpoint and the WSDL of the Web Service. The results of the monitoring provide information about the availability and reliability of the service and are shown as traffic light in the BioCatalogue. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Green (put icon):  The service is available, its WSDL and endpoint can be accessed </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Amber (put icon):  The service might not be available, its WSDL or its endpoint or both are not accessible. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Red (put icon):  The service is not accessible. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> When you first register a service it will be marked blue (icon here) until the automated monitoring check its status.  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

The result of the monitoring for the past 4 days are shown. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Monitoring of Web Services in the BioCatalogue" [279-] -->