


<h1><a name="the_biocatalogue_core_team" id="the_biocatalogue_core_team">The BioCatalogue Core Team</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Carole Goble</strong>: Project lead, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Rodrigo Lopez</strong>: Project lead, EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Steve Pettifer</strong>: Project lead, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Robert Stevens</strong>: Project lead, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Jiten Bhagat</strong>: Software engineer, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Robert Haines</strong>: Software engineer, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hamish McWilliam</strong>: Service manager, EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Katy Wolstencroft</strong>: Bioinformatician, Manchester</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The BioCatalogue Core Team" [1-438] -->
<h1><a name="past_team_members" id="past_team_members">Past Team Members</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Franck Tanoh</strong>: Bioinformatician and curator, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Eric Nzuobontane</strong>: Software engineer, EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Thomas Laurent</strong>: Software engineer, EBI</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Mannie Tagarira</strong>: Intern software engineer, Manchester</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Sergejs Aleksevejs</strong>: Intern software engineer, Manchester</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Past Team Members" [439-758] -->
<h1><a name="the_focus_group" id="the_focus_group">The Focus Group</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

See: <a href="/wiki/doku.php?id=public:focus_group" class="wikilink1" title="public:focus_group">the Focus Group page</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "The Focus Group" [759-840] -->
<h1><a name="our_advisory_board" id="our_advisory_board">Our Advisory Board</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

The BioCatalogue Strategic Advisory Board (SAB) members:

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Robert Stevens</strong>, School of Computer Science, University of Manchester, UK</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Chris Rawlings</strong>, Rothamsted Research, UK, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Anil Wipat</strong>, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Jo Dicks</strong>, John Innes Centre, UK, Computational and Systems Biology.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Robert Gill</strong>, Pronota nv, Belgium, Director of Bio-IT, previously at GSK.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Professor Steve Kemp</strong>, University of Liverpool, UK, Biology.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Mark Wilkinson</strong>, U British Columbia, Canada, Bioinformatics, BioMOBY services.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Prof dr Antoine H.C. van Kampen</strong>, Netherlands Bioinformatics Centre, Scientific Director, Bioinformatics.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Holger Lausen</strong>, SeekDa OG, Austria, Web Service Search company, CTO and Co-Founder of web service discovery and matchmaking company. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Dr Terry Payne</strong>, University of Liverpool, UK, Computer Science, specialising in Semantic Web Services.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Our Advisory Board" [841-] -->