
<p>
Date: Monday 18th May 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503011

</p>

<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong>  Jits, Franck, Steve
</p>

<p>

<strong>EBI:</strong> Eric, Thomas, Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [94-191] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Carole
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [192-223] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Franck
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [224-253] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update on EMBRACE work, post AGM - SRP</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hackathon summary </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation model document</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Report back from silent public release </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [254-748] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment. <strong>completed</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck &amp; Eric : Produce elaborate document on the BioCatalogue data model - <strong>ongoing</strong> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: identify all the non-bio service form the seekDa import - <strong>ongoing</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [749-1075] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update on EMBRACE work, post AGM - SRP</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The Embrace registry has achieved its goals so can now be merged to BioCatalogue. The project will be supported till summer  
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hackathon summary  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
All went down well. Eric to look into the workflow monitor with Dan. BioCatalogue and myExperiment integration scheduled for August. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Annotation model document</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Still ongoing. there are some comments in the document to address. A new logial view of the model also needed 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the beta - are we rolling?</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.
Ebi agreed to have the tests script provided we take responsibility by manually checking and monitoring all the scripts.
 

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1076-1828] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: find out with Peter Rice what the Biosapien ontology. Anything we can learn from? </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Steve: Check if it is possible to come up with a classification from the Embrace registry tags</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New actions" [1829-2054] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
ISMB launch strategy: before the conference we should announce that we are launching BioCatalogue at ISMB. <br/>

Ebi will target a number of list: EMBnet, bionet, admins, etc… <br/>

Manchester will also target list such myExperiment mailing list, Taverna list etc…<br/>

Item to take to the conference: leaflet, poster, sticker, t-shirt(if possible). 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [2055-2433] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2434-2451] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-27" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-27">Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 27 2009</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-06-03" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-06-03">Phone Conference Meeting on June 06 2009</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [2452-] -->