


<h1><a name="discovering_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue" id="discovering_web_services_in_the_biocatalogue">Discovering Web Services in the BioCatalogue</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

<strong>The Problem: </strong> <em>“Web Services are hard to find…”</em>
</p>

<p>
<strong>So…</strong>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Find the right Web Service using the BioCatalogue</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We offer easy and powerful search and filtering interfaces</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We index metadata made available by service providers, expert curators and the wider community</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

When searching for services in the BioCatalogue there is an auto suggestion based on the content of the catalogue and previous searches by users. 
Search terms are case insensitive and can be combined with AND. e.g. Blast AND Protein 
</p>

<p>
In addition, when searching for bioinformatic terms e.g. microarray, the BioCatalogue will automatically include in your search query any related terms e.g. affymetrix, probeset, etc. The <a href="http://www.mygrid.org.uk/tools/service-management/mygrid-ontology/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.mygrid.org.uk/tools/service-management/mygrid-ontology/"  rel="nofollow">myGrid ontology</a> is used to define the relationship between terms. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Discovering Web Services in the BioCatalogue" [1-911] -->
<h2><a name="search_by_data" id="search_by_data">Search by Data</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
You can search for services that might analyse or process your data using the <a href="http://www.biocatalogue.org/search/by_data" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.biocatalogue.org/search/by_data"  rel="nofollow">search for data</a> feature. For example, given a sequence in fasta format, it returns a list of services that possibly consume sequences in fasta format. <br/>

The “Search by data” depends on example inputs and outputs of service operations in BioCatalogue. It is based on the
<a href="http://filequirks.genesilico.pl/" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://filequirks.genesilico.pl/"  rel="nofollow">FileQuirks</a> algorithm. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Search by Data" [912-1395] -->
<h2><a name="service_filtering" id="service_filtering">Service filtering</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Web Services in the BioCatalogue can be filtered by: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service type: <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> or REST </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service category: services are grouped based on their functions. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service provider: e.g NCBI, EBI, DDBJ</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Submitter: registries or Members who submitted the service </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Country of Origin: where is the service hosted. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

If you enable the tag filter, you can also filter services by: 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tags on services </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tags on service operations</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tags on service inputs </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tags on service outputs </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

Note that you can combine different filter. e.g.

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Service filtering" [1396-] -->