
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="user_types">User Types</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
From a service provider&#039;s perspective there are three broad categories of user, with lots of overlap and a forth type of usage which cuts across all user types.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "User Types" [1-188] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="end_user">1. End User</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Each use of the service is effectively in isolation</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Access is via a user interface, most often via an <abbr title="HyperText Markup Language">HTML</abbr> form or an application <abbr title="Graphical User Interface">GUI</abbr>, although some use is command-line orientated.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Domain knowledge is often high, but may not extend to the specifics of the service used.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Example:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bench scientist with a sequence to analyse</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Database curator with an entry to annotate</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "1. End User" [189-600] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="developer">2. Developer</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Producing applications/workflows which use one or more services</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Domain knowledge often low. This is counterbalanced by the use of domain experts in testing and feature requests.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service knowledge limited to that provided in the documentation</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service usage guidelines and examples are most useful to this group</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "2. Developer" [601-953] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="systematic_user">3. Systematic User</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Automated bulk analysis in workflows and scripts</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> User responsible for these processes may not be the workflow designer or process developer so domain and service knowledge can be very variable.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service behaviour important to this group specifically:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Reliability: is the service going to be there for the 1st job and the 1000st job?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Stability: is the service going to be different tomorrow?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Consistency: are the results I get today comparable with the results I got yesterday?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Updatedness: is this the current stable version of the software, is it using the current releases of the databases?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service documentation:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Announcements: downtime, problems, new versions, etc.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Usage policies: what are the limitations on service usage (e.g. max number of parallel processes, max. number of submissions per day, etc.).</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "3. Systematic User" [954-1848] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="teaching">4. Teaching</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Demonstration/illustration of service usage</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Students perform one of the other roles above (end-user, developer and/or systematic user), however the class as a whole behaves more like a systematic user</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service behaviour important to this group specifically:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Reliability: is the service going to be available while teaching?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Stability/consistency: are the results I get today different from those the students will get tomorrow?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Service documentation:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Announcements: downtime, version changes, retirement</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Course guidelines: E.g. read the help, don&#039;t submit all at the same time, use suitable input data, search suitable databases, be considerate, etc. </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "4. Teaching" [1849-] -->