


<h1><a name="f2f_design-a-thon_14th-15th_august_2008_ebi_cambridge" id="f2f_design-a-thon_14th-15th_august_2008_ebi_cambridge">F2F design-a-thon 14th-15th August 2008 @ EBI, Cambridge</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "F2F design-a-thon 14th-15th August 2008 @ EBI, Cambridge" [1-72] -->
<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Thomas, Eric, Hamish, Katy, Franck, Jits, Don, Sergejs
</p>

<p>
<strong>Note:</strong> Jits is also there Mon 18th and Tues 19th.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [73-206] -->
<h2><a name="expected_outcomes" id="expected_outcomes">Expected Outcomes</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong> This needs more clarification! </strong>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Content requirements</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Design document of the system</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Beginnings of code</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Clear and unambiguous definitions and documentation on requirements, what components to use, what is &#039;in&#039; myExperiment, what is &#039;in&#039; BioCatalogue, a plan and so on.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Some information on expected performance, scalability, support and so on for the pilot.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Expected Outcomes" [207-618] -->
<h2><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong> Day 1 </strong>
</p>

<p>
Manchester people arriving at EBI around 11:30am
</p>

<p>
12:00pm - lunch, 12:30pm start, 5:00pm finish.

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> myExperiment show and tell, and questions (Jits, Don, Sergejs)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> EB-eye show and tell, and questions (Franck Valentin)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Current work show and tell, and questions (Thomas, Eric)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discuss high level architecture of pilot, taking into account integration with other pieces/systems (All)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>

<strong> Day 2 </strong>
</p>

<p>
9:30am start, 5:00pm finish, lunch in between.

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discuss and finalise functional requirements for the pilot solution (this includes detailing definitions and terms) (All)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discuss and finalise initial content requirements for the pilot solution (All)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brainstorm designs for key aspects of the pilot solution (this includes integration pieces and strategies for the integration) (All)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Put together a development plan (All)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Put together information on expected performance, scalability, support and so on for the pilot solution (All)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [619-1611] -->
<h2><a name="actions" id="actions">Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> myExperiment team to investigate putting stuff into plugins, e.g: user authentication, reviews/ratings, (upcoming) event logging and (upcoming) discussion threads.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ask Stian about the Feta service browser.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits to speak to Franck, Katy and Stian about Ontologies to be used in BioCatalogue.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Management to decide on license for source code.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits and Eric to come up with proposed designs for the core data model and other core features, before hackfest in Southampton.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions" [1612-2122] -->
<h2><a name="decisions" id="decisions">Decisions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Development tasks coordinated between developers (especially for parallel tasks).  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use RubyForge to host the source code.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rails v2.1 will be used.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Source code license: TBD</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We will be writing tests for core functionality, especially basic unit and functional tests.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Decisions" [2123-] -->