
<p>
Date: Monday 6th Apr 2009
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

<strong>Manchester:</strong> 
Carole, Jiten
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong>
Eric, Franck, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [94-180] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Rodrigo
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [181-211] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [212-239] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Should we have a BioCatalogue Google Calendar (like myGrid do) for people to put holidays, events and so on?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Post SAB</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Are we happy with the minutes? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Are there any other tasks missing that we need to consider?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Possible collaboration with Microsoft-meeting with Rudy   </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress/developement of the pilot - are we rolling?  </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Test infrastructure setup at EBI and progress of service testing/monitoring piece.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What terms/ontologies should we use to seed tags?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> First step is to use controlled control vocabulary terms</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Possible of share of ontology sourcing work between my experiment/sysmo/</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Technical meeting </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Summary of tasks on Rubyforge </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue support review</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a> analysis  </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [240-1084] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: submit ISMB demo abstract by 20th April. [done]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: to talk at the BioIT meeting about our policy. [ on going]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo: DDBJ, NCBI â€“ ownership and diplomacy. [on going]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: sourcing from ontology to be added to the task list.[ done ]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: create a mailing list for the SAB team. [done ]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: sort out wording for policies/disclaimers/conditions and figure out a plan on where to put these on the site, and where users need to be notified of these.[action taken forward ]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: make his notes from the SAB meeting (incl new tasks identified) available.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rodrigo, Franck: update the <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09">SAB minutes</a> and make them more comprehensive minutes.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.[ role over ]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits: send example FETA <acronym title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</acronym> files to list, to show an example of what kind of metadata is in them.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: to dig out <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> Word + OBOE plugin/tool. [done]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Steve, Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.[ Eric talking to EBI systems to have test machine/ background processing for pinging to be done by Eric/ priorities monitoring <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym>]</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [1085-2391] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BioCatalogue Google Calendar has been set up for people to put holidays, events and so on.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On Post SAB</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Minutes are still to be formalized. Thomas to work with Franck to produce SAB minutes  </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Are there any other tasks missing that we need to consider?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole is in contact with Rudy for collaboration with Microsoft </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expected update of the BioCatalogue beta site has been moved to after easter</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric is talking to EBI systems poeple on the possibilities of setting up a similar framework to the EMBRACE test environment at EBI. Further details expected after the easter break. There is need to reconsider the priorities of the monitoring <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym>, both for the long term and in case concerns raised by EBI on the current EMBRACE registry monitoring approach are not met.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On terms/ontologies</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> First step is to use controlled control vocabulary terms</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> There is a possibility to share ontology sourcing work between myExperiment, BioCatalogue &amp; Sysmo</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [2392-3405] -->
<h2><a name="action_items" id="action_items">Action Items</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas, Franck: update the <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:strategy_advisory_board_mar_09">SAB minutes</a> and make them more comprehensive minutes.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Carole: ring BBSRC programme manager to inform her that the SAB has taken place and then see what they have to say.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: provide an update on what is happening with the test scripts execution environment.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Update on decision on the script running environment </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Investigate background processing for long running tasks </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Re-prioritize work on the <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> for service monitoring</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck &amp; Eric : Produce elaborate document on the BioCatalogue data model [ Annotation + Information ]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All : Decide on how to go forward with the ratings [ on whether we make that available to the public at this stage or not] </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Action Items" [3406-4196] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html" class="urlextern" title="http://projects.eml.org/sdbv/events/BiocurationMeeting/index.html"  rel="nofollow">Biocuration</a> meeting 16-19 april </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ISMB - we have a poster accepted </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [4197-4377] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Should we change the meeting date? 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [4378-4431] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-30" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-03-30">Phone Conference Meeting on Mar 30 2009</a>
</p>

<p>
Next meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-20" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2009-04-20">Phone Conference Meeting on Apr 20 2009</a>

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [4432-] -->