
<p>
Date: Tuesday 13th Jan 2008
</p>

<p>
Time: 15:00-16:00 (UK)
</p>

<p>
<br/>

Telcon No: 08445805588
</p>

<p>
Pin: 70503010
</p>



<h2><a name="attending" id="attending">Attending</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Manchester:</strong>
Jits, Carole
</p>

<p>
<strong>EBI:</strong>
</p>

<p>
Eric, Rodrigo, Thomas
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Attending" [96-180] -->
<h2><a name="apologies" id="apologies">Apologies</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Frank, Katy, Hamish
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Apologies" [181-224] -->
<h2><a name="minuting" id="minuting">Minuting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Eric
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minuting" [225-252] -->
<h1><a name="agenda" id="agenda">Agenda</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New Year Stories </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Actions from the last telcon </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Progress with the pilot </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New requirements and planning following the F2F at EBI </div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=development:20_questions" class="wikilink1" title="development:20_questions">20 Questions</a>(to clarify user requirements)</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Discuss the “tag types” (freeform, from ontology, from CV etc) mentioned by Carole</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updating the BioCatalogue public wiki</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AOB</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Agenda" [253-640] -->
<h2><a name="actions_from_previous_meeting" id="actions_from_previous_meeting">Actions from Previous Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck : Provide an example of a semantically annotated service(using the SAWSDL model).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: investigate &#039;home&#039; link on the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jits/Thomas/Eric: create developer section on the wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric: list the features of the current pilot (including annotations stuff), so that they can be used in a email announcing the private beta to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: read through the revised requirements and planning doc and update the private wiki roadmap accordingly. Then after approval copy it to the public wiki.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Franck: make an announcement about latest changes to schedule to the friends list.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thomas: possibly change the “Wiki” link on the main website and beta site to something more descriptive like “More info about the project”. Also add this to the “About us” page.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Actions from Previous Meeting" [641-1492] -->
<h1><a name="minutes" id="minutes">Minutes</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="http://beta.biocatalogue.org" class="urlextern" title="http://beta.biocatalogue.org"  rel="nofollow">The beta site</a> has been updated with the annotation functionality. This now permits annotations to be added to the inputs and outputs of operations</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Eric &amp; Jits are modeling rest services backend. Model is abstract so that it can handle both wadl and wsdl 2.0 or any other specifications that we may have to support</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Work done on solr server interfacing with the application to enhance the search and remove some quirkiness of the plugin</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Updates have been made to the wiki on the road map and the new requirements (following the F2F at EBI). The target is to have a development freeze at the end of February, in order to enable consolidation in March and public</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> People to come up with a set of 20 questions that would help clarify user requirements. My experiment is also doing this exercise so there is room to share some of the (relevant) questions. The answers to some of these question could be used to enrich the interface or even drive some of the design decisions</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There a suite of NCBO tools that could be very useful for BioCatalogue, especially the ontology service and the automatic annotation tools. These could help in answering questions about the source of an annotation for example. It is also worth looking at OLS</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Minutes" [1493-2805] -->
<h2><a name="new_actions" id="new_actions">New Actions</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action all : update the 20 questions section on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Rodrigo &amp; Carole : Check the public staging part of the wiki to approve content meant for general public</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Rodrigo : mail Eric his set of questions to put on the wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Thomas/Eric : Plan for effort to spend developing know-how to effectively use solr. Possibly investigate other ways of using the server with/without the acts_as_solr plugin</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Action Jits/Eric : Investigate how to add some form of classification of the services</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "New Actions" [2806-3358] -->
<h2><a name="upcoming_meetings" id="upcoming_meetings">Upcoming Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 
 * Developer F2F at Manchester, week of the 19th
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Upcoming Meetings" [3359-3441] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There will be a demo at the Strategic Advisory Board Meeting in February</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There is potential for collaboration with Microsoft. Initial discussions on-going with Carole</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jit doing a presentation on BioCatalogue on the 29th  </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [3442-3694] -->
<h2><a name="previous_next_meetings" id="previous_next_meetings">Previous/Next Meetings</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

Previous meeting: <a href="/ebiwiki/biocatalogue/doku.php?id=meetings:phoneconf:2008-12-16" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:phoneconf:2008-12-16">Phone Conference Meeting on Dec 16 2008</a> 
</p>

<p>
Next meeting:
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Previous/Next Meetings" [3695-] -->